would you rather solve world hunger or
solve global warming bro global warming
isn't real I would solve world hunger
shut the fuck up Donald okay what's next
uh holy fuck sleepy Joe did you forget
your reading pills again here Donald can
you read this for me okay would you
rather admit the election was rigged or
give up ice cream forever holy fuck
Donald you're such a poor sport admit
that I smoked you and let's move on okay
final question would you rather get run
over by a car and die or kill five small
children with your car holy fuck who
wrote this shit answer the question
Donald man fuck them kids bro

will never really know what it smells
like underwater hello and welcome to
shower Thoughts with Biden and Trump in
order to fall asleep we have to pretend
to be asleep you would know a lot about
sleeping wouldn't you shut the fuck up
smart ass and dumb ass are both insults
but badass is somehow a compliment
pooping your pants is an experience that
is unique to the human species if
tomatoes are fruit then ketchup is
jammed holy fuck you're right of course
I'm right fuck you know what Trump I'm
getting real sick and tired of this
fucking attitude from you watch your
mouth Joe we need to get back to the
shower thoughts no no no let me tell you
something shower thought number six Joe
Biden is the worst president in the
history of the United States of America
I'm about to serve two terms you fat ass

would you rather spend a year in prison
or spend a year at War well Trump you
can take this one aren't you heading to
prison soon nah bro I beat the case I
have a goaded lawyer okay that's
actually a w would you rather be able to
speak to animals or be able to read
people's thoughts that's a really tough
one to be honest I'd rather speak to
animals it would be so fun speaking to a
dog not gonna lie bro that's kind of a
waste imagine how useful it would be if
you could read people's thoughts okay
final question would you rather spend a
day at the North Pole or spend a day at
the Sahara Desert I'd go to the Sahara
Desert I need to work on my tan fuck
you already look like a tangerine shut
the fuck up I'd go to the North Pole I
want to spend a day with Santa Joe you
know Santa isn't real right nah he's
real bro he sent me a letter last
Christmas trust holy fuck how did you
get elected

boys are you down for a sleepover at the
White House I'm down bro yeah me too
okay make sure to bring a toothbrush a
phone charger some candy a sleeping bag
Joe it's the white house why the fuck
would we bring sleeping bags we're not
camping plus don't you already have all
that stuff provided I was just kidding
guys that was a test do you guys want to
play Mario Kart at the sleepover yeah
I'm down bro actually wait we could all
have our own TV and our own gaming
console and all play GTA together no
guys I have early access to the ps6 and
access to a bunch of new games that's
actually lit as fuck okay where should
we order the pizza from of course Trump
the fat ass is already thinking about
pizza shut the fuck up we're getting
Papa John's I'm so hyped

today we're having an official debate on
what the best candy is my favorite candy
is where there's original hard candy wow
you still eat that old ass grandma candy
to be fair the guy is 80 years old yeah
true Trump you're 76 years old we're in
the same boat nah because my favorite
candy is Sour Patch Kids no cap that
candy is goat at AF it's high key so lit
I think I got a fuck brain tumor from
hearing that sentence yeah Trump what
the fuck was that okay that's irrelevant
we're here to debate candy and my candy
is better no one has a better taste in
candy than Donald Trump my favorite
candy is definitely Fruit by the Foot
yeah of course you have to eat a foot
worth of candy you fat ass ain't no
fuck way you just said that did you
really just call me a fat ass you
fuck pig belly fuck Tangerine
fuck corn on the cob looking ass
haircut only got one term in office
looking ass fuck I would have gotten a
second term if Biden didn't fuck rig
it yeah Obama we're the only ones here
who'll serve two terms not gonna lie
Biden you're either gonna lose the next
election or be dead by the time it
happens are you fuck kidding me I was
your vice president for eight fuck
years and you roast me like that

are you guys still coming for the
sleepover at the White House yeah I'll
be there soon I'm on my way to Walmart
to get some snacks bro there's snacks at
the White House remember but the only
snacks they serve there are those stale
ass pretzels and they taste like
complete fuck yeah fair point we need
the good stuff Donald do you have a list
of snacks you're buying yeah I'm getting
some Flamin Hot Cheetos fuzzy peaches
Starburst Mike and Ike's Twizzlers and
probably a couple more things holy fuck
W list let's also get some Sour Patch
Kids and some gushers boys I have a fat
blunt that Snoop Dogg gave me last week
are you down to get baked I'm down
snoops weed is chronic as fuck I'm down
but make sure we don't give too much
weed to Obama remember he started
talking to the wall last time we hit the
blunt fuck that never happened you're
lying Biden back me up yeah bro you
thought you were president again and
started giving us these long ass
speeches about American Freedom whatever
I'm still hitting that fuck

okay we finally arrived at McDonald's
what do you guys want could I please get
some pancakes and sausages sorry Biden
it's 1 p.m so the breakfast menu is over
oh could I just get a couple hot dogs
and a pizza then Joe this is McDonald's
They don't serve those here wait let me
think all right I'm gonna need a Big Mac
meal with large fries and large Coke a
quarter pounder with cheese two filet of
fishes a Oreo McFlurry three strawberry
milkshakes two McDoubles four large
fries a fudge sundae an ice cream cone
two blueberry muffins and a salad do you
also want to order an immediate heart
attack because that's like 11 000
calories you fat fuck shut the fuck up
oh yeah and that salad you got at the
end really balances all that out I'm
sure you're going to be very healthy
after this also Biden have you finally
decided on your order yeah I'll get some
spaghetti please all right fuck this
we're eating at home way to go sleepy
Joe I was really looking forward to that
McDonald's you already had McDonald's
this morning you fat pig oh yeah

holy crap this is definitely the most
amount of candy I've gotten from
trick-or-treating yeah there's got to be
at least 25 pounds of candy between all
three of us it's time we start trading
snacks Joe I'll give you a Kit Kat if
you give me your Mars Bar all right
that's a deal yo Trump how does my bag
of Doritos sound for the bag of Cheetos
you have yeah we have a deal pleasure
doing business with you what the fuck
why do I have a box of raisins me and
Trump skipped that house that old lady
always gives raisins you might as well
throw those away you're not getting a
trade for that all right what do we
trade next whoa no way I have a
king-size bar which one Twix Joe I have
a grape flavored Crush I'll give it to
you right now for that Twix bar nah bro
I already have an orange crush right
here fuck Biden I have a king-sized Oh
Henry bar I'll give it to you for that
Twix you've got yourself a deal are you
kidding me Biden you rigged this
Halloween Trump I made that deal because
I'm down to trade this Twix for your
grape flavored Crush holy fuck that's a
deal let's go it all worked out in the
end

wow are the boys even coming to the
sleepover anymore
they're here what's cracking dog let's
get this party started let's go now we
just need Obama to show up actually I'm
here I got a ride with Trump WoW tonight
is going to be so fun all right what
should we do first I'll give you guys a
tour of the White House bro we've all
been president and lived here before
remember oh yeah I think sleepy Joe
forgot to take his dementia pills again
yeah but they added a new video game
room it's where they're storing the ps6
holy actually me and Obama were
talking about that on the car ride here
we need to play that ps6 right now uh
okay I'll show you guys the room
exciting right Joe you have no idea how
hyped we were
for six we were talking about how fun
the new games would have been I thought
we were friends Joe but you lied to me
sorry boys I was just trying to get you
excited for the sleepover

okay boys I need your opinion on
something what's up I'm trying to pass
some laws but I'm not sure that most
Americans are going to like them let's
hear it me and Trump have both been
presidents before so we can give you
advice okay I want to legally give every
person in America at least one ice cream
cone a day Joe that's the stupidest
thing I've ever heard you've got to be
joking why would you do that I think
everyone deserves to have a bit of ice
cream Joe that'd be such a massive
Health concern it's not even funny okay
Trump there's no way you're in here
talking about health your diet is
actually so fuck yeah well I don't
think anyone here wants to hear you talk
about health either we all know how much
of a massive failure Obamacare was oh he
burned you with that one not gonna lie
okay both of you just shut the fuck up
Biden do you need help with any other
laws I want to appoint new members to
the Supreme Court and make them all
kindergartners they've got some pretty
good ideas yeah bro you're definitely
losing the next election

okay what class do we have next I think
we have science oh I forgot to do
my science homework here you can copy
mine thanks bro Hey Joe did you do your
homework Joe oh my God look at that sexy
mama
bro why don't you go talk to her but I
don't know how to talk to women okay Joe
it seems like you need my advice no one
is better with women than Donald Trump
okay what should I say to her first
things first put those sunglasses on
sure but why girls like bad boys Joe you
already look like one now you just need
to act like one how do I do that okay
you have to be an you should
start off by telling her she's a fat pig
and then tell her that her mom is a fat
pig wow that's genius I'm going over
right now Joe if you say that she's
either going to cry or she'll freak out
Obama let him try it I just gave him a
guaranteed strategy to pick up women
that was the second Bell we're late
to class now I'll talk to her after
school

I'm so glad that we're doing this
Lemonade Stand yeah the only problem is
that we've barely made any money Don's
right if we want to save up for a
vacation to Disneyland then we need to
be making more money okay how do we do
that I'll be the one in charge of
business strategies I have some good
ideas let's hear them first off we need
a new name how about Trump's lemonade
nah bro we're trying to bring customers
in not scare them away fuck you Joe okay
how about the One Stop Pop shop that's
fire but we don't sell any pop and
that's where step two comes into play We
expand our product line and start
selling pop chips and freezies okay why
would we do that think about how many
kids are selling lemonade the market is
so saturated and the competition has
never been higher yeah but lemonade is a
best seller how do we know that pop
chips and freezies are going to do well
well it's going to be a bit of a risk
but we can definitely manage it all
right let's do it what do we need to buy
well we're going to need a massive
cooler for all the drinks and freezies
the cash register some ice and we'll
have to buy all our items in bulk bro we
don't have enough money to make an
investment like that I just got a small
loan of a million dollars so I'll be
able to cover it

okay now that we know the ps6 isn't here
what are we going to do I'll show you
guys around the White House how many
times do we have to tell you bro me and
Obama have both seen every room in the
White House you guys have only seen the
White House 1.0 but this is the White
House 2.0 okay what's new first up is
the ice cream room this is where I spend
a lot of my time holy fuck I'd be at
least 500 pounds if I had this while in
office next up is the McDonald's room
all right you boys go finish the Tour by
yourselves I'm about to crack a blunt
with Ronald McDonald I have to show you
the rest of the rooms fine here we have
the Minecraft room wow this is a million
times better than the gamer room yeah
are you guys down to start a Minecraft
server on here tonight I'm so down bro
all right then I'll have to speedrun the
rest of the rooms here's the ball pit
room 8 out of ten the television room
pointless as fuck two out of ten the dog
room holy fuck 10 out of 10. yeah 10 out
of 10. and finally the office wow this
is nostalgic as fuck yeah I miss this
place

yodon this idea to start selling pop
chips and freezies was genius yeah and
now that we're all at our own booth
we'll make triple the money boys we're
going to be at Disneyland very soon okay
look at that duck there that'll be our
first customer all right Trump you take
this one hi welcome to the One Stop Pop
Shop what would you like to order hey
got any grapes no but we sell grape
flavored soda got any grapes no we just
sell pop chips and freezies right did
you hear me a little fuck we don't sell
grapes why don't you try selling him
something from the menu yeah maybe he's
just a bit confused okay uh do you want
a grape freezy hey
honey grapes are you talking about
actual grapes like the actual fruit who
the fuck would sell grapes way out in
the open like this ask me one more
fuck time don't do it kid no way he's
gonna ask again got any grapes

today we're having an official debate on
what the best video game is it's got to
be Minecraft there's nothing like it nah
GTA 5 is better bro GTA 5 peaked so long
ago and Minecraft is way more diverse
all you do in Minecraft is walk around
and collect stuff bro there's actually
no way you think that's all Minecraft is
guys I think we're all forgetting about
the greatest video game of all time
Mario Kart 8 Deluxe bro it took them
like seven years to come out with the
DLC holy fuck there's no way you're
talking GTA 5 released 10 fuck years
ago and there's not even a trailer for
the next game but GTA 6 is going to be
the best video game of all time when it
releases both of you are wrong Minecraft
solos and it's not even close bro
Minecraft is only fun once every six
months when you start a server with your
friends and the server is only fun for
two weeks but that's it yeah but those
two weeks are the most enjoyment you'll
get out of any video game out there
that's true yeah he's right okay
congrats Joe you're the official winner
of this debate that's what I'm talking
about

welcome to the president's cooking show
with Biden Trump Obama and uh Gordon hey
hello come here donkeys here we go today
we're going to be making a medium well
steak okay Joe grab the salt and pepper
oh wait what's going on wake up you
donut we need to put the salt and pepper
on the steak how many portions are you
putting in there
okay fuck we need to recook it wait what
are we cooking
you dirty Pig get out fuck it's just you
and me Obama two hours later okay the
steak is finally ready just touch out
44 years of age then there's burnt fuck
there have a taste
wow we worked so hard on that steak I'm
pissed

Hey Joe what's your morning routine like
yeah after all you're the president I'm
glad you guys asked here's how it goes
first thing I do is wake up from my bed
and walk to the White House kitchen then
I'll have a bowl of fruit loops and a
couple Red Bulls after that I'll go to
the ice cream room and grab five to six
bowls of ice cream I bring the ice cream
into the gaming room and then I decide
what needs to be done on the Minecraft
server okay Joe give us your actual
morning routine all right fine first
thing I wake up to is that fuck Apple
alarm
I'll hit the snooze button two to four
times and then get out of bed first
things first get me my fuck coffee I
have Camilla make me a big fat cup of
that brown stuff let me reword that
Camilla will make me some coffee and
then we decide what needs to get done
for the day after I brush my teeth and
shower I go outside and make some
speeches about President fuck you guys
know how it is wow that's so lame bro
you might have the worst morning routine
in the history of the country 
fuck you guys

you guys have to check out my new ride
let's see it damn what are the specs on
that sexy thing it has a max speed of
193 miles per hour and goes zero to 60
in three seconds damn Trump those stats
are weak compared to my car all right
let's see it holy fuck bro there's no
way you have the money for that yeah I
took it from your bank account are you
fuck serious guys guys both of those
are terrible compared to my car you're
lying let's see it check it out holy
fuck Joe that's the fastest car in the
world okay we have to go racing with our
new cars yeah just make sure we follow
the law and don't go past the speed
limit why would we do that as the
President of the United States of
America I have a sworn duty to protect
all right Joe no one cares Donald let's
just go racing ourselves okay I got to
be honest I only have the car in GTA are
you kidding me

boys I'm so hyped for this field trip
where are we going again we're going to
the North Pole I need to take care of
some professional business with Santa
bro there's no way you know Santa Joe
he's not real I'm going to prove both of
you wrong
we're here all right we need to go into
Santa's Workshop if he's actually here
I'm going to ask for a couple new Lego
sets
no fuck Santa That's the mall Santa
and he has a fake ass beard watch your
fuck mouth are you talking to you
dumb fuck bro there's no way Santa just
said that it's not him this is a fake
ass Santa now just shut the fuck great
job guys you got him angry now if you'll
excuse me I have some professional
business with Santa what professional
business we're deciding if you and Obama
are going on the naughty list or the
nice list bro put me on the fuck nice
list yeah me too Joe you're getting coal
in your stocking you just swore at Santa
this is the worst day of my life

are you guys down to go to the mall
after school I'm down yeah bro let's go
okay where are we going first let's hit
the food court holy fuck Trump do you
always need to be eating well where else
would we go why don't we go to Toys R Us
wow both of you have terrible
suggestions how about we go to Lids
istead yeah sure I need to get a new
hat boys how do I look you actually look
like a Reddit mod oh man not Biden it's
not that bad but what about my hat yeah
that's fire wow you look like a peaky
Blinder okay how about me wow that's
terrible yeah Trump that looks like fuck
fuck you guys I'm the best dressed
person in this whole group

today we're having an official debate on
what the best holiday is it's got to be
Halloween Christmas is better Easter is
the best of all three of these Joe how
is that even on the list the Easter egg
hunt is one of the best activities of
all time but going door to door on
Halloween and getting candy is way
better guys Christmas is so much better
than both of these Obama I'm the only
one here with seven billion dollars in
the bank no one could buy me a Christmas
gift that I couldn't just get for myself
bro the point of Christmas is to spend
time with your family I'd rather just
spend time trick-or-treating and getting
candy holy fuck Trump you're such a lard
ass how about you go take a nap because
there's no chance you're winning this
debate you're not going to lie Biden
Easter isn't even in the conversation
Obama let's be honest Christmas is only
fun for the first 16 years of your life
and then it gets boring bro how are you
trying to make that point we stopped
trick-or-treating when we were 14. yeah
but when you're old enough you can just
buy those big boxes of candy for
yourself instead that still doesn't come
close to being with your family on
Christmas morning okay fuck this I
declare myself the official winner of
this debate what the fuck bro

hey did you guys get your test results
back yes I got an A holy crap I got an A
plus good job Joe what the actual fuck I
got an F wow if only you were smarter
shut up Biden this test was fuck
rigged why don't you talk to the teacher
about it excuse me Mr White yes why the
fuck did you give me an F who are you
talking to right now I'm talking to a
bald teacher who rigged the test results
how can you say that to me
listen if I give you five thousand
dollars can you give me an A plus fuck
you okay I'm officially suing this
school as you actually
no I'm gonna win the case and then
you'll be fired well I didn't vote for
that you have no choice I have the
greatest lawyer of all time well what's
his name hi I'm Saul Goodman did you
know that you have rights

okay boys we finally toured the entire
White House it's time we go to bed all
right good night good night good night
guy what do you think happens after you
die Biden it's 3 A.M you have to be
careful with these late night thoughts
but the man's 80 years old he's probably
a lot more worried about this Trump
you're 76 years old and you're fat as
fuck so you probably have less time than
me fuck you're right we need to have a 3
A.M conversation I'm down yeah I'm down
too so what is life like after being
president I feel like everything is
going to become so boring as long as you
have money life will never be boring
yeah Trump's right and you've already
made insane money from investing in that
ice cream company wow that's a massive
relief fuck I just realized something
what is it we won't be able to attend
each other's funerals one of us will be
the last alive fuck that's dark okay we
need to stay best friends to the very
end deal deal

okay boys this looks like a perfect
starter house yeah let's go
I'll let a limiting right holy crap is
that six nine okay let's cut to the
chase we know you're rich so just give
us a king-sized candy bar stupid I'm not
gonna let you get the chance fuck we
have to go to the next house all right
this one looks perfect
ly we can make a deal how about we get a
bag of chips a chocolate bar and a Pepsi
that Deal's not gonna work for us what
the fuck boys we can't give up okay this
is the final house
okay buddy we don't want any tricks just
give us some chocolate did you say
chocolate yes chocolate chocolate
chocolate
you need to run now we didn't even get a
single piece of candy fuck I just
realized why why we're in the middle of
May

today we're having an official debate on
the best fast food chain it's McDonald's
end of discussion no it's Popeyes guys
it's definitely Subway Subway is by far
the most overrated fast food chain of
all time yeah Obama you're not winning
this one Subway is the healthiest option
here there's so many vegetables to put
on your sandwich bro nobody gives a fuck
about health when they decide to eat
fast food yeah I guess that's why your
fat ass eats McDonald's every day at
least our company's representation is
Ronald McDonald meanwhile all you have
is Subway Jared holy fuck that was ice
cold all right Biden this debate is
between you and me now I can admit
Popeyes taste good but the menu Isn't
diverse enough it's about quality over
quantity every item on the Popeye's menu
is delicious but McDonald's has items
like the phileo fish which taste like
complete fuck yeah then just don't order
it besides almost everything else on the
menu tastes good you've got a point yeah
I think Trump won this debate let's go

hi welcome to Trump's ice cream may I
take your order no way Trump is that you
yes Joe what happened bro I thought you
were a billionaire I might have invested
everything into Dogecoin and then went
broke wow that's funny I don't want to
talk about it now can I please take your
order could I please get two scoops of
the strawberry sherbet yeah do you want
it in a bowl or in a cone cone please
okay Biden what do you want I'll take
five scoops of the chocolate chip bowl
or cone Bowl please okay do you guys
want to leave a tip no that's okay I
want a two thousand dollar tip from both
of you the answer is no all right then
your total comes to 5 million 462
834 what the actual fuck this ice cream
is supposed to be three dollars per
scoop I may have lost my money but I
never lost my business strategies what
strategy ain't no fuck way we're
paying that much all right then no ice
cream okay I take it back I'll pay the
money Joe you can't be serious that's
the art of the deal fuck

well boys it's the worst part of every
sleepover the part where everybody has
to go home this was one of the best
sleepovers we've had in a while it might
have been the greatest sleepover in the
history of our country do you guys want
breakfast before you leave no I think
we're going to get some Denny's after
this wow can I come I thought you said
you had a speech that you had to make
fuck I forgot about that yeah you're
always forgetting things fuck you Trump
also do you guys have a ride home yeah
I'm catching a ride with Trump and his
car is parked out front so this is where
we all say goodbye wait I have an idea
let's hear it are you guys free next
weekend yeah I'm free me too we should
all go camping next weekend holy fuck
I'm down I'm down too okay we'll
FaceTime later this week and get our
supplies ready

okay boys are you still down for that
camping trip yeah I'm down I'm down too
all right what do we need to pack we're
gonna need some sleeping bags a S'mores
Kit some pillows and probably a couple
more things wait should we all bring our
own individual tents or should we just
camp in one massive tent we're gonna
camp in a massive one I just got the
world's biggest tent and it's the
greatest one this country has ever seen
let's fuck go should I bring some
board games for the trip bro nobody
plays board games when they Camp we're
gonna tell campfire stories I have some
really good scary campfire stories ready
okay but make sure they're not too scary
sorry Joe these are going to be insanely
scary campfire stories and on top of
that we're going to the most haunted
Campsite in the world why would we do
that yeah that's sketch it'll make the
campfire stories even more exciting all
right I'm down but Joe you should bring
your heart attack pills yeah I'm
definitely bringing them we're gonna
make camping great again

today we're having an official debate on
what the best TV show is it's definitely
SpongeBob now it's The Apprentice no
it's Breaking Bad that show is honestly
so boring The Apprentice is better is
that the shitty reality TV show that you
ran for like 13 years I'm the main
character of that show so it's
automatically the best SpongeBob beats
all of these yeah but that show fell off
after season seven meanwhile Breaking
Bad is Good from start to finish
SpongeBob is fun for all ages but
Breaking Bad is too violent for children
Joe that doesn't matter because when
those children grow up they'll watch
Breaking Bad and realize that it's the
greatest show of all time and then when
those children grow up to be real men
they'll realize that the Apprentice is
even better Trump nobody watches that
goofy ass show yeah this debate is
between me and Obama now Joe I can admit
that SpongeBob is good but if we'r
judging it from start to finish then the
later Seasons ruin it Prime SpongeBob is
better than Prime Breaking Bad you've
got to be joking nah all right Joe
you're disqualified for having the IQ of
Iraq you're both fired the winner of
this debate is Donald J Trump

Donald be honest when was the last time
you peed in the pool bro there's no way
I'm answering that I double dog dare you
to answer it
holy crap that lady is being robbed we
need to help her that's way too
dangerous don't worry guys I'll
intervene no offense Joe but you're the
oldest one here okay it's time I reveal
my secret identity what secret identity
I've had to hide it from everyone
because I was busy being president but
the truth is you're Spider-Man that's
right boys now it's time to give this
robber a knuckle sandwich
I always knew he had it in them I have
way more respect for Joe now well boys
what do you think of my new identity Joe
you're actually a hero aside from me you
might be the greatest president of all
time actually I'm just your friendly
neighborhood Spider-Man

happy birthday Trump yeah happy birthday
thank you guys we got you some gifts
let's go okay this first one is from me
wow an iPhone 25. this is the greatest
iPhone of all time and it won't be
released to the public until 2052. thank
you bro this next gift is from me wow a
futuristic car this car also has the
ability to fly thanks boys now it's time
to Cut the Cake what the fuck is that
thing
Trump we want to celebrate more
birthdays with you but you won't be
around much longer unless you fix your
diet so you gave me a fuck broccoli
cake Trump you were always told to eat
your vegetables besides you won't know
if it tastes bad unless you try it I'd
rather eat 15 pounds of my own fuck
before I'd even have a taste of that
that's kind of weird bro you guys ruined
my birthday I hate you

okay we finally arrived at the campsite
it's time to assemble the tent wow this
is going to be hard two hours later nice
it's finally assembled dibs on sleeping
on the left side dibs on the right side
does that mean I get the middle yeah
which means that if a monster comes into
the room it's going to get you first
okay what's the first thing we
should do let's eat that's exactly what
I expected you to say okay Biden you
were in charge of food what did you
bring some chocolate some marshmallows
and some graham crackers okay nice we'll
use that for s'mores but where's the
actual food that's all I brought are you
kidding me sleepy Joe we'll die out here
we won't starve but our chances of
survival are getting smaller especially
considering that this is the most
haunted Campsite in the world don't
worry guys the food that I brought is
from the White House and it's packed
with super high nutrients oh yeah I
remember there was an emergency s'mores
kid in the White House okay let's make
some s'mores and then tell campfire
stories

okay Trump are you sure this is legal no
it's definitely not we're hacking into a
high security database so we need to
keep this top secret top secret is my
middle name wow that was corny bro Trump
what happens if we get caught we're
guaranteed to get life in prison and Joe
you'll be impeached okay fuck this I'm
out Joe your fingerprints are all over
the crime scene You're In Too Deep oh
fuck you're still going to go down in
history because this is literally the
most elaborate and high level hack of
all time we don't have much time left
finally I got it okay so what'd you do I
hacked into the fortnite database and
gave myself infinite V bucks
please tell me you're joking nope and
now we can buy any fortnite skin that we
want Trump you're literally a fuck
billionaire you could have just bought
someone else's fortnite account oh yeah

today we're having an official debate on
what the best season is it's obviously
winter no it's spring summer is the
clear winter here summer comes with heat
Strokes mosquitoes and sunburns yeah but
winter has frostbite and nobody likes
the cold Obama I don't know if you
forgot but with winter you get sledding
snowmen Christmas and skating spring is
the best of both worlds it's not too hot
like summer but it's not too cold like
winter spring is the knockoff version of
Summer Obama out of the eight years that
we've worked together that is the
stupidest thing I've heard you say Joe
spring break is only two weeks meanwhile
summer break is two months wow you've
got a point Obama tell me a single
benefit of Summer there's ice cream
trucks barbecues picnics beaches and
blue skies okay your fake news summer
has none of those things yes it does bro
Joe for the first time in my life I'm on
your side spring is better than summer
fuck yeah Trump that's what I'm talking
about but Winter's still solos okay I'm
switching sides winter is the best
season of all time yes I'm the winner
and Obama is the loser dang it hey
Donald are you down to go sledding this
winter I'm so down bro let's go

Okay who wants to hear my Scary Campfire
Story let's hear it guys I'm scared
don't worry Joe it's just a story the
story is called The Vanishing camper I
just got goosebumps here's how it goes
three men are at a campsite and are
telling stories around the fire all of a
sudden a strange shadowy figure appears
behind one of the men and snatches him
away into the darkness what happens to
the man he was never seen again that's
really scary but remember it's just a
story actually now that I know it's all
made up I feel Fearless yeah bro these
stories are all fake I can't believe
that I was ever scared in the first
place Joe what's up Donald don't turn
around nice try buddy I know you're just
trying to scare me Joe I'm fearless help
me oh fuck we need to save him right now
let's go

hey boys how's it going wow nice hat
Obama thanks I'm probably going to be
wearing it for the next couple weeks why
I just got the worst haircut of all time
okay bro you got to show us yeah let's
see it now I'm not showing this haircut
to anyone bro everyone thinks that they
have a bad haircut for the first couple
days but after a week it'll start to
look good yeah and if you ever feel
embarrassed just remember that it's
still not as bad as Trump's haircut shut
up Biden okay fine I'll show you guys
I think that you were right this whole
time that is a goofy ass haircut yeah
what kind of haircut did you even ask
for I asked for waves and the barber
gave me this make sure to keep
wearing that hat for the next couple
weeks and don't go out in public too
much this sucks

hey Donald what's your morning routine
like yeah I've always wanted to know
this nobody has a better morning routine
than me here's how it goes I usually
either wake up in one of my super
Mansions one of my Yachts or one of my
private jets then I'll show up to the
basketball court and play with SpongeBob
and Patrick okay Donald give us your
actual morning routine fine the first
thing I do is wake up in a rocket ship
and then fly to either Venus or Saturn
then I do some professional business
with the aliens because I want to have a
Trump Tower placed on a new planet then
I'll fly back to Earth and have some
McDonald's for breakfast after that I'll
go underwater to talk with the sea
people because I'm in the middle of
trying to purchase the city of Atlantis
and then Rebrand it to create an
underwater Trump City when all the
business is taken care of I'll hop on
GTA online and play with my friend Kim
Jong-un bro you're such a liar this is
the truth Joe I have the greatest
morning routine in the world okay so
where are the aliens let's go holy crap
he was telling the truth wow these
aliens are ugly go to your goddamn room
wow Joe you're getting bossed around by
a couple of aliens

okay we need to find Biden I can't
believe that the monster was actually
real hey guys how's it going Joe you're
back bro what happened I got kidnapped
by the shadow monster but it was
actually pretty fun how was getting
kidnapped fun okay here's what happened
after the shadow monster kidnapped me he
took me to his cave I was terrified the
entire time but the monster came out of
the shadows and he turned out to be
Peter Griffin stop the cap yeah there's
no way this happened if it was an actual
evil monster then I wouldn't be alive
right now dang that's true so what
happened with Peter Griffin well it
turns out the only reason he kidnapped
me was because he needed someone to play
fortnite Duos with he also had a bunch
of snacks like Oreos Cheetos and Sour
Patch Kids so we basically played
fortnite Duos and once we got a victory
Royale he let me go wow that actually
sounds pretty fun and he also let me
keep the rest of the snacks so now we're
stacked let's spend the night in the
tent and eat all the snacks W camping
trip

today we're having an official debate on
what the best movie is it's Spy Kids no
it's home alone too no it's Fight Club
Fight Club is overrated if anything it's
probably underrated everything about it
is incredible everything about Spy Kids
is better Spy Kids is so corny bro it's
not even top 100 movies of all time
don't ever speak bad about Spy Kids
Again Donald's right everyone here is
too old for that movie especially you
Joe I think we're all forgetting how bad
Trump's choice is Joe Home Alone 2 is
easily the greatest movie of all time
you're only saying that because you made
a five second appearance in that movie
okay you might be right but there's
still no reason why I shouldn't win this
I can't think of any movies that are
better than Spy Kids what about Fight
Club Fight Club is in my top five but
Spy Kids has more epic scenes okay how
about this fight club has better writing
while Spy Kids has cooler scenes okay
this debate is officially a tie fair
play

okay boys are you down to order a pizza
I'm down where should we order from
let's get Papa John's now how about we
get Pizza Hut no we should get Domino's
okay fine what flavor let's order
pepperoni sure I'm just gonna call the
pizza place
hello this is Domino's Pizza what can I
get for you why do you sound like Joe
Biden because I am Joe Biden holy crap
no way Joe why are you working at a
pizza place I'm saving up for a car and
I needed some more money bro you could
have just asked me for a small loan of a
million dollars well I guess I could
have actually done that but I'm too deep
to quit is this why you wanted us to
order Domino's yeah I get a small bonus
every time I refer someone here you're
supposed to be running a country bro oh
I forgot about that Donald could you run
it for me yes bro Joe what have you done

boys did I tell you about that crazy
dream I had last night nah let's hear it
okay so basically all three of us were
on a random Planet then all of a sudden
Snoop Dogg appeared and he started what
was I wearing in the dream uh I think
you were wearing a suit and tie that's
what I'm talking about anyway Snoop Dogg
started dancing and told us to wait why
are we on a planet again I was doing
business with some aliens and I brought
you guys along with me no bro dreams are
just completely random now can I finish
the story yes sorry go ahead Snoop Dogg
was telling us that we had to complete a
series of tasks and the first one was to
break the record for the fastest time to
beat Minecraft we all started practicing
and then wait how could we beat
Minecraft if we were in space yeah bro
where's the internet connection okay
there's no way I'm the only one here
with dreams like this all I dream about
is getting money and I'm already a
billionaire all I dream about is ice
cream and I eat it all day okay the
dream was going to be interesting but I
give up oh man

hey do you guys want to hear some comedy
what is the Easter Bunny's favorite type
of music hip-hop
wow this is painful to watch come on Joe
you better have some good jokes lined up
what did the ocean say to the beach
nothing it just waved oh brother this
guy stinks okay I have a joke about
pizza but it's too cheesy
this is brutal don't worry guys I'll
take over I have some great jokes what
did the poop say to the fart you blow me
away
bro how does this get Applause but my
jokes get booed Joe's mama is so fat she
stepped on the scale and it said to be
continued
that was pretty good Joe's mama is so
fat that when she Skips a meal the stock
market drops
I'm never doing stand up again

wow that was the worst sleep of my life
yeah I don't know who came up with the
idea of sleeping in a bag and I have a
massive belly ache from all those snacks
well it's time we pack up the tent eight
hours later holy crap how did it take
eight hours to pack the tent because
it's nearly impossible to fit it back
inside the bag okay boys let's take a
quick selfie
now let's do one with a funny face
wow so I guess this is goodbye it was a
very fun camping trip I'll drive us home
and drop you guys off wait before we
leave do we have everything packed yeah
everything except for that propane tank
crap we should probably pack that nah
bro why wouldn't we pack it yeah we need
to bring it home I brought a firework
I'm going to lay it on the ground facing
the propane tank and make it explode as
we walk away in slow motion holy crap
that's epic what a great way to end the
series

okay boys I'll tell you a bedtime story
let's go I'm so hyped the story is
called The Very Hungry Caterpillar yo I
love this one so basically there was a
caterpillar and he was hungry the end
bro read us the book yeah we need a
bedtime story to properly sleep yeah no
problem so uh basically there was a I
think there was a caterpillar and he was
uh just get on with it yeah Biden just
read the book see the problem is I
forgot how to read
there's no way bro okay at least try and
read it yeah sure so basically the
caterpillar was
Pro I was so hyped for that story okay
Obama how about one of us reads the
story next time yeah that's a good idea

hey boys did I tell you about the time I
saved the world was it in a dream no
Obama this was in real life okay let's
hear it it was a dark and stormy night
in 1986. all of a sudden I saw some
Russian agents right beside a massive
Vault then I remembered that the Cold
War was still going on I listened to
what they were saying because I secretly
speak Russian and they were talking
about blowing up the world with a secret
nuke as they opened the Vault you're
making this up yeah bro you guys may not
believe it but it's the truth yeah we
definitely don't believe it anyway as
they opened the Vault I grabbed my
invisible suit and went through the
Vault then I saw that the nuke was going
to go off in 10 seconds so I went up to
the wires on the nuke then I cut the red
wire and saved the world why would
anyone believe you because I've never
lied in my life wait a minute if you
were secretly speaking Russian during
the Cold War then that means you're a
secret agent uh

today we're having an official debate on
what the best pet is it's dogs no it's
cats no it's fish Biden how are fish
even on the list they're not too much
work to take care of and you can do a
ton of decorations to a fish tank you
can add even more decorations to a cat
tree guys who cares about decorations a
dog is a man's best friend yeah only if
you can ignore how bad they smell and
how annoying they are Obama
at all they kind of are though see even
sleepy Joe is on my side cats are lazy
annoying and selfish but fish are none
of those things they're the most
underrated pet of all time Biden you've
clearly never owned a cat because once
you get one you'll realize that they're
infinitely better than fish dog is
literally God spelled backwards so dogs
are automatically above cats and fish
dang I can't argue with that I give up

hey sharks today we're seeking fifty
thousand dollars for one percent of our
company fifty thousand dollars is not a
small amount of money anyway our pitch
is remote controlled socks you can use a
remote to make the socks move up and
down worst presentation ever I'm out
dang Mark I really wanted to work with
you the remote control socks will
revolutionize the world you haven't
explained how I make money which is the
most important thing because there's no
chance of you making money on this we're
not sure how much money it's going to
make if we're talking about money then
the socks are probably going to make us
anywhere from 30 billion dollars to 80
billion dollars profit
telling the truth you have to trust us
you're right
no way
wow I really thought that we'd get a
deal where are we going to get the money
from now how about me yeah let's do it
these remote control socks will make us
rich

okay we finally arrived at Disneyland
what should we do let's go on every
single ride I can't wait for the Star
Wars ride before you enter the property
you have to pay an upfront fee of ten
thousand dollars per person holy crap
ten thousand dollars that's actually
insane then you have to pay 15 for every
footstep you take no way we can afford
this luckily I'm a billionaire so I got
us covered let's go okay let's go on the
Star Wars ride first holy crap an
estimated wait time of eight hours wow
that's insane eight hours later okay we
finally get to go on the ride before you
enter you'll have to pay 25 million
dollars for each second on the ride
there's actually no way okay this ride
will literally cost me my entire bank
account but let's do it make sure to
stay strapped in three two one sorry
guys the ride malfunctioned so it looks
like you're out of luck
thank you

boys where are we I think we're at Rock
Bottom how do we get out of here I don't
think we can let me call a private jet
to pick us up there's no service down
here okay let's wait in line for the
next bus
okay do you know when the next bus is
what when does the next bus come I can't
understand your accent the next bus out
of this city oh why didn't you say so
next bus leaves in five seconds
tough luck kid that's the last one till
morning oh crap wow I think we're
screwed listen sir if I give you fifty
thousand dollars can you drive us out of
this city good night well what do we do
now it looks like we have to spend the
night at rock bottom

welcome to my private jet wow this is
the coolest jet of all time Hey where's
sleepy Joe he said he had a belly ache
and is staying at home wow he's missing
out on the
holy crap what's happening I think the
plane is crashing quick we have to talk
to the captain Joe hey guys this is
pretty fun right Joe what are you doing
I'm playing flight simulator Joe this is
an actual plane don't worry boys I've
been practicing for this moment
that was insane Biden all the practicing
paid off congratulations

hey boys are you down for a picnic I'm
down I'm down too where should we have
it we need to have it at a place with a
playground I know the perfect one I'll
give you guys directions okay what are
we packing I'll bring the snacks all
right I'll bring some sunscreen a
blanket and an umbrella I'll bring
myself because my presence is already
enough yeah that's great by the way
Biden what snacks are you bringing some
water a fruit salad some sandwiches and
some yogurt bro where's the candy chips
and pop Donald it's a picnic yeah I
guess you're right but what fruits are
in the fruit salad some oranges okay
watermelon okay grapes okay cantaloupe
Biden what made you decide to add
cantaloupe yeah Biden that's a really
bad move guys you can just eat around
the cantaloupe yeah but the scent from
the cantaloupe will get all over the
other fruits and ruin it okay fine I'll
take out all the cantaloupe no bro you
have to make a new fruit salad you've
already ruined this one oh shucks

happy birthday Biden yeah happy birthday
thanks guys we got you a special cake
whoa a Lightning McQueen cake it's
strawberry cheesecake flavored thank you
so much we have some gifts for you too
the first one is from me whoa a one
trillion dollar yacht I may have taken a
trillion dollars in tax money to buy
that but it was worth it thanks bro the
next gift is from me and it's 100 times
better bro did you seriously just get me
dementia pills Biden it's for your own
good Trump you promised that you'd get
him a new helicopter why did you do this
there's no point in buying him a
helicopter because he would have
immediately forgotten who gave it to him
Trump you're so mean just swallow a pill
sleepy Joe
whoa now I feel way more fresh and can
remember things clearly now is the
perfect time to reveal the surprise
helicopter I got for you holy crap no
way Trump that was the greatest birthday
surprise in the history of America

okay boys let's make a prank phone call
yes let's do it okay I know the perfect
person
hello hello is this Rick Grimes how do
you know me don't worry about it would
you like to order a pizza Chris okay how
many pizzas would you like to order four
what kind of toppings do you want on the
pizza I don't
want it well I need an answer oh I made
a deal with myself a deal where you
couldn't tell me what topping you want
a couple together okay no pizza for you
hello
hello
bro who was that on the phone some
absolute nut job

today we're having an official debate on
what the best snack is grow it's
Pringles nah Twinkies are better guys
double stuffed Oreos are the best of all
time bro Oreos are only good with milk
nah they actually taste pretty good with
water Obama what are you talking about
also Twinkies are better Twinkies are
atrocious yeah they're super slimy and
taste extremely artificial yeah but they
never expire okay who cares if we're
ranking these on taste then Twinkies
come in dead last and then double
stuffed Oreos come first because they
taste the best here we need to talk
about diversity because there's 171
Pringle flavors yeah but there's 193
Oreo flavors oh crap guys there's no
point in having that many flavors if
they all taste terrible that point
doesn't matter because almost all the
flavors taste good okay then let's talk
about the nutritional value no way
you're trying to make this point the
amount of calories in two Oreos is the
same amount of calories as one Twinkie
wow I didn't know that okay I won this
debate Obama out

boys I'm easily going to win this
spelling bee I doubt it good luck Trump
okay your word is fart could you use it
in a sentence Donald had a fart so bad
that everyone left the room in tears
okay I got it is it spelled fl-k-h
you're way off and completely incorrect
this spelling bee is rigged okay my turn
your word is dog what is the definition
a furry animal all right this is easy
dog is spelled hfw wow this is
disappointing all right I'm winning this
your word is trichotillomania well what
is the definition it doesn't matter
because you stand no chance okay I got
it trichotillomania is spelled
t-r-i-c-h-o-t-i-l-l-o-m-a-n-i-a
holy crap no way he just did that I'm in
disbelief someone bring me my champagne

hey boys can you help me with my grocery
shopping yeah sure all right okay first
thing on the list is cereal which brand
should I get get some Cheerios nah get
some frosted flakes actually I think
I'll get some fruit loops good choice
boys I'm bulking right now should I get
some ground beef or some chicken just
get both the government credit card
you're using has over a billion dollars
on it I need to spend this money
responsibly all right get the ground
beef okay final thing on the list is
toilet paper should I get the Ultra Soft
toilet paper or the ultra strong toilet
paper whichever one gets us out of here
faster all right time to pay let me just
grab my coupons Biden you have a billion
dollars on the card and you're trying to
save a couple cents every penny counts
Biden why are we even grocery shopping
when you have a designated grocery
Shopper at the White House I wanted to
do it myself because being the president
is all about taking on new
responsibilities yeah there's no way
you're winning the next election

okay the ice cream truck is here we need
to be first in line here take my money
for the ice cream five minutes later
okay I got the SpongeBob ice cream treat
what about you guys I got the Spider-Man
one I got the Sonic one why does mine
look so weird yeah mine looks weird too
mine looks pretty normal in comparison
they're still delicious yeah I can't
argue with that whoa boys look at the
clouds that one looks like a dog the one
I'm seeing looks like a dolphin wow that
cloud looks like uh what does it look
like it looks like a banana with two
oranges at the bottom wow that's a
strange way to describe it anyway what
should we do next let's play a game of
tag I can't bro I have a stomachache
from the ice cream yeah me too well then
it's time to go home no we can't well
what else are we gonna do yeah I guess
you're right it was a fun picnic while
it lasted

okay we finally arrived at the park I
brought a blanket for us to sit on bro
is that a SpongeBob blanket yeah my mom
gave it to me that's a w let's stop
playing games and bring out the fruit
salad not until you use your manners
okay can I please have some fruit salad
I'm sorry to tell you but I forgot it
tell me you're joking yeah I am joking
okay that's a relief I didn't forget to
bring it I just ate it all on the way
here you've got to be kidding me I ate
it all on purpose so that we can focus
more on fun activities like looking at
the clouds that's it I'm getting
doordash bro why would you order
doordash to a picnic there's no other
choice guys why don't we Trump I just
don't understand I don't understand guys
wait what's that sound
ice cream

dang I almost hit that lady by accident
bro she's getting out of her car
everybody just stay calm she
okay I'm filming this and she
bro this woman looks like a goblin
whoa that was scary you confronting us
is going to help you being a is
gonna help all right Gremlin you gotta
calm down I don't know
okay I'm sorry this situation is all my
fault
talking to me
I was apologize instead of being a
Biden you have to stand up for yourself
lady I'd like you to apologize
immediately
swearing make
your windows open they can't hear me
because they're listening to Kidz Bop

today we're having an official debate on
what the best drink is it's soda no it's
coffee guys it's easily water Obama out
of all the drinks out there you choose
the most boring one water is by far the
most consistent it tastes good cold but
also at room temperature but it has no
flavor unlike coffee Joe that's not the
best example of flavor yeah coffee is
more bitter than Trump after he lost the
second term Obama you're just mad that
soda is better than water Trump your
drink of choice is soda you really can't
go five minutes without calories guys
why don't we settle this over a nice cup
of coffee yeah sure but first let me
explain why soda is the best drink of
all time okay I'm listening water
literally tastes like nothing it's the
most Bland thing of all time but with
soda you get a ton of flavors like root
beer grapes strawberry and more he's got
a point you're forgetting about flavored
water you can give water any flavor you
want whoever can say the number I'm
thinking of will win this debate it's
three no it's eight my guess is twelve
thousand and the number I was thinking
of was twelve thousand so I'm the
official winner of this debate

boys did I tell you about the time I got
free ice cream for life no I don't
remember that let's hear the story it
was a fresh summer day in 1993. I saw a
brown dog walking across the street and
his name was John all of a sudden I
started thinking how dogs eat the same
meal every single day of their life okay
Joe how is any of this relevant wait
which story am I telling again the one
where you get free ice cream for life oh
yeah so basically right after I saw the
dog I got in line for some ice cream
then all of a sudden Ronaldo walked up
to a woman licked her ice cream and then
grabbed it and started running I
suddenly jumped up did 23 backflips and
then landed behind him and grabbed the
ice cream he begged me to give it back
to him because it was his favorite ice
cream flavor I told him I'd buy him an
ice cream and then the ice cream worker
told me that I could get free ice cream
for life then I invited everyone back to
my house for a dance party Joe did you
take the dementia pills I gave you what
dementia pills yeah I'm pretty sure this
was a dream hey Ronaldo did this
actually happen no no yep it was a dream

welcome back to the president's cooking
show today we're going to be making
three dishes and then serving them to a
judge to see how they taste so Biden
what dish are you making I'm going to be
making some strawberry cookies with a
glass of cold milk sounds very
interesting what about you Obama I'm
using science to make the world's most
delicious French fry I can't wait to try
it and finally Trump what is your dish
I'm making a dumpling filled with candy
wow that sounds really bad but I can't
wait to try it it'll alter your taste
buds because of how good it is all right
everyone time is up Biden your dish is
up first okay I may have left it in the
oven for too long wow I was looking
forward to your dish but sadly it's
black don't discriminate just have a
taste
it might be burnt but the strawberry is
still coming through all right let's go
Obama your dish is up next this is
scientifically delicious so enjoy it
this is super good that's what I'm
talking about now it's time for Trump's
dish I might have accidentally eaten it
then based on the two dishes I've eaten
Obama you're the winner this is the
happiest day of my life

okay we're finally at the Starbucks
drive-through what do you guys want I
think I'll get a medium s'mores
Frappuccino good choice what about you
Biden I'll get a taco bro it's Starbucks
hi welcome to Starbucks what can I get
for you yeah
yeah you mean a venti what's a venti
it's our version of large yeah okay
could I please get a venti Big Mac
Frappuccino it's on the secret menu yeah
sure yeah sure thing else I'll also get
a medium s'mores Frappuccino for my main
man Obama you mean a grand I what's a
flipping Grande it's our version of
medium now I remember why I have an
assistant anything else you today Biden
this is your last chance to get
something I'd love to get some Swedish
meatballs yeah lady we'll just take the
two drinks that'll be 6
next window yeah I'm getting my coffee
at home next time

hello and welcome back to president news
with Biden Trump and Obama our first
story is a new law passed in all 50 U.S
states that gives two free scoops of ice
cream to every citizen every single day
bro who decided to pass that law I did
so how much of the U.S budget is being
spent on ice cream about 60 percent I'm
actually in disbelief anyway our next
story is that the U.S President Joe
Biden has decided to paint the White
House blue Bro you've got to be joking
no the White House has been the same
color for way too long it's time to
spice it up and give it a new color the
name is literally the White House that's
the stupidest thing to ever happen but
now on to the weather with Obama thank
you Trump now for today's weather
literally everything is frozen solid and
nobody can go outside wait bro are you
serious yes this is actually happening
and apparently it's because there's so
much ice cream going around the
temperatures immediately started to drop
we must deliver the ice cream no matter
what

today we're having an official debate on
who the best YouTuber is it's Mr Beast
no it's Corey Kenshin no it's Jake Paul
okay Trump you automatically lose wait I
changed my mind it's KSI yeah bro you
still lose the best YouTuber is Mr Beast
Mr Beast might have the best videos but
Corey Kenshin has the best personality
Mr B spends millions of dollars on his
videos while Corey Kenshin just records
videos from his bedroom recording videos
from your bedroom is literally what
being a YouTuber is guys I think KSI is
the best the old KSI will never be
topped his new videos aren't as good
yeah his new videos aren't bad but the
entertainment level isn't as high as it
used to be I could say the same for
Corey Kenshin no you couldn't Corey
Kenshin is easily the most underrated
YouTuber to ever touch the platform and
he's been in his prime since he started
speaking of prime I don't think Corey
Kenshin has started a drink company like
KSI has but Mr Beast has started selling
burgers and chocolate bars yeah Mr Beast
is the smartest YouTuber of all time
it's not even debatable wait I think I
just figured out who the actual best
YouTuber is who PB the leader I agree I
agree too

hi Dr Phil Obama and I are here to help
our friend Donald oh I can't believe
this is happening he's developed an
addiction to eating Big Macs and it's
taken over his life
guys just look at the science Big Macs
are great for your health that's
absolutely unequivocally untrue one
thing Donald does is randomly show up to
my house and insult me and Obama when we
don't get him the money for Big Macs
just read what he said to us this
morning you're ugly you are disgusting
I'm gonna kill you give me 200 Big Macs
are good bro did you go to fifth grade
hey don't be rude Baldi this is the
first time I've been in a room with
someone who has a worse haircut than me
you cannot conduct yourself in an
appropriate manner then I'm going to
invite you to leave yeah Donald this is
your last chance to get help you need to
fix your diet okay how about instead of
eating McDonald's I just eat Wendy's
instead oh do you think this is a joke
yep because this is not going to be
funny in about five minutes what happens
in five minutes
look at me a lot of things happen going
home ain't one of them

okay boys do you know why I brought you
into this jungle to go hiking to go
fishing no boys today we're going to
find Bigfoot bro Bigfoot isn't real yeah
the photograph you saw was fake no guys
listen up I know a guy who knows a guy
who knows a guy who knows a guy whose
cousin knows a guy who knows a guy whose
nephew might have seen Bigfoot is that
all we have to go off of yes but if we
find him we can give him McDonald's and
see his reaction that's all the
motivation I need let's find this thing
two hours later wait guys did you hear
that yo that might have been Bigfoot we
have to be very quiet it's Bigfoot okay
guys you got me bro no way can I get
your autograph what's an autograph wow I
just remembered Bigfoot probably doesn't
know much about the world now guys I
actually know quite a bit I just ordered
some pizza and I'm about to watch
SpongeBob are you guys down to visit my
crib let's check it out this is the
happiest day of my life

hey Trump could I borrow that donut sure
bro
wow that was delicious dude what's wrong
with you I was hungry I'm calling the
police sorry bro there's no way the
police are going to show up over what
seems to be the problem here boys this
man stole my donut officer it's not what
it looks like tell me exactly what
happened basically I was going for my
morning time Jog and was stopping by the
donut shop for a break it may have been
my seventh time going there today but
that's besides the point out of nowhere
Obama appears and tells me to either
give up my donut or give up my wallet it
was a hard choice but I'm a billionaire
so I just decided to give him the donut
Obama what's your side of the story
basically I was going for my morning jog
as well and then I saw Trump jogging too
all of a sudden I accidentally tripped
and the donut landed in my mouth officer
he's lying no he's the one who's lying
okay I know the solution how about we
settle this over a couple donuts yeah
I'm down what a great way to fix the
situation

hey boys are you down to go on a road
trip this Saturday bro why would we go
on a road trip yeah we all have access
to private jets boys road trips are
underrated we need to go on one for a
true bonding experience okay I'm down
fine I'm down where are we going the
location is a mystery whose car are we
driving let's drive mine I have a
Lamborghini it only fits two people yeah
we can just throw Joe in the trunk now
guys I have a Porsche that has four
seats okay great what food should we
bring let's just stop by Walmart quickly
to get some candy and then we can get
donuts and food in different
drive-throughs that's a w Wait how long
is it going to take to get to the
mystery location probably like eight
hours to get there bro eight hours of
driving just to get there someone better
bring the aux cord now we can't listen
to music or radio for the entire road
trip are you serious why would we do
that it's all about the bonding
experience this place better be worth it

today we're having an official debate on
what the best ice cream flavor is it's
chocolate chocolate chip no it's orange
sherbet guys it's easily Neapolitan
Neapolitan is always terrible yeah no
matter what brand it's from it tastes
like medicine there's nothing that
tastes more like medicine than sherbet
that's definitely not true bro it
doesn't matter what taste the worst this
is about what tastes the best and that's
easily chocolate chocolate chip it's
funny you say that because chocolate
chocolate chip is a legitimate Contender
for the worst ice cream flavor of all
time yeah it's literally just chocolate
ice cream with chocolate chips inside of
it which are easily the most overrated
kitchen ingredient ever both of you take
that back right now let me lay it out
for you guys the first letter of sherbet
is S and S stands for snake snake is an
animal and so is a dog dog is the second
part of the word hot dog hot dogs are
made from meat and sour patties patties
go on Big Macs and Big Macs are eaten by
Donald Trump so the flavor sherbet All
Leads back to me and I'm the best in the
world which means sherbet is the best
ice cream flavor in the world wow that
actually makes sense I give up

hey what's up guys Joe what are you
wearing who's Joe it's you bro oh you
guys are probably thinking of my twin
brother Joe my name is Harold nice to
meet you Joe we both know it's you yeah
no one is seeing through your fake
disguise you guys are probably confused
because we're twins but I'm the more
handsome one you're literally the
president and you're playing games like
this bro I'm not the president my
brother is okay so if I were to call Joe
right now then I wouldn't hear your
phone buzzing in your pocket nope
because I'm Harold not Joe
wait his phone isn't ringing he might be
telling the truth there's no way call
again and see who picks up
yo Obama have you met my brother Harold
wow you really are telling the truth I
told you guys

hey boys I made you some cookies what
kind raisin bro there's no way we're
eating raisin cookies I just wanted to
surprise you guys come back and make
some chocolate chip cookies and maybe
we'll reconsider two hours later okay
boys I just made some chocolate chip
cookies sorry bro we just finished
eating some chocolate chip cookies from
Subway oh man how about you make us some
strawberry cookies bro I'll definitely
eat those okay I'll make them right now
two hours later boys the cookies are
ready dang I forgot to mention that I'm
allergic to strawberries yeah me too oh
shucks bro aren't you busy with being
president yeah but I just wanted to make
some cookies for my boys bro if you make
us some peanut butter cookies I
guarantee that I'll eat them me too okay
I'll make them right now two hours later
all right boys they're finally ready
oh man they fell asleep

welcome back to the president's game
show okay the first question is for
Biden I got this what's one plus one I
think it's two that's correct I knew I
could do it the next question is for
Obama let's hear it what is the first
letter of the word cat It's gotta be C
that's correct that's what I'm talking
about now we have a question for Trump
let's go what are the fundamental
properties of Dark Matter uh dark and
matter that's incorrect wow even I could
have gotten that okay whoever answers
this question will win the competition
what color is the sky blue that's
correct you win the competition let's go
I'd like to thank my mom my dad my
auntie my uncle my grandma my grandpa
okay we get it I'd also like to thank my
doctor my dentist my assistant my third
grade math teacher my holy crap buddy
stop talking and I'd also like to thank
my barber my dog my cat the guy who
served me KFC last week all right the
show's over

okay are you guys ready for the road
trip I'm ready me too okay I'm gonna
drive who wants the passenger seat dips
dang it a few minutes later
bro can we turn on the radio no it'll
mess up the vibe
okay I'm turning on the radio
let's just play would you rather okay
I'll go first would you rather sit in
the back of a car with nothing to do or
listen to some good music I'm definitely
picking the second one what was the
question again okay I brought an aux
cord and I have a fire playlist let's
listen to it right now hey I said no aux
cord trust me you'll like this song for
this life I cannot change
keep off in the wow I like it m M's
sweet like candy cane

today we're having an official debate on
what the best food is it's Burgers nah
it's Pizza Guys it's broccoli Biden
we're having a debate on the best food
not the worst Food yeah broccoli isn't
even in my top 1 000 Foods guys you need
to eat your vegetables bro what are you
talking about yeah why would we do that
if you eat broccoli then you have to
okay now that he's finally gone which
food is actually the best it's
definitely Pizza the classic Italian
Dish the combination of flavors on Pizza
can't beat the combination of flavors on
a burger I'm not sure Mario would agree
with you but I'm sure SpongeBob would
and his opinion is probably more
valuable wait a second are we talking
about fancy food or fast food fancy food
Oh I thought we were talking about fast
food wow your choice makes more sense
now okay how about this fast food pizza
is better than fast food Burgers but
fancy burgers are better than fancy
Pizza W debate

wow this is such a sad day yeah I've
never seen Donald this sat at a funeral
before I need to say a few words from my
best friend I've never been this sad to
lose someone before he was my best
friend but rather than be sad about him
being gone I want to be happy about the
good times we shared together rest in
peace to the sausage that I dropped on
the ground wait bro are you telling me
that this entire funeral is for a
sausage I had one bite and it was the
best sausage I ever had but I dropped it
on the sidewalk and knew it was over wow
bro I actually felt bad for you at first
yeah how much did the sausage even cost
about two dollars well how much did this
funeral cost about five thousand dollars
holy crap bro you could have just gotten
a new sausage but this one was special
yeah Obama I think it's time to leave
sometimes I remember that we're all a
bunch of sausages just ready to drop the
question is when hey look bro I got you
a new sausage holy crap thank you bro

oh no what happened I accidentally just
spent my entire bank account on
chocolate milk bro how do you
accidentally do that I clicked the wrong
button at the online checkout what are
you going to do with all the chocolate
milk the more important question is what
am I going to do to make money again
boys I think we should become
entrepreneurs okay I'm down
two we need to think of something that
people want they want a good president
again hey don't be mean it would have to
be something we could sell what about
Donuts there's already too many donut
suppliers yeah we need to think of
something unique bro we should sell
edible shoelaces edible shoelaces yeah
think about it when you're outside and
starting to get hungry but there's
nothing to eat you can just eat your
shoelaces now that I think about it I
had the urge to eat my shoelaces last
week the demand for this product has got
to be huge okay we'll sell edible
shoelaces and become the richest people
of all time

good morning boys wait Trump why do you
have my body Obama why do you have my
body no way this is happening this is
probably because of the lasagna we had
last night it's kind of hard adjusting
to a belly this big hey don't be rude
sleepy Joe yeah I also have a hard time
adjusting to a body this old hey Obama
can I say the word if we get out of this
situation you get a one-time pass okay
we just need to find out how to undo
this what if we eat that lasagna again
and see if we switch back that's a good
idea
whoa now I'm in Biden's old frail body
wow I'm in Trump's fat body does this
mean I get the pass is that really the
first question you guys ask let's take
one last bite of lasagna and switch back
to normal
are we back yes I finally have my hair
back I have my looks back I have my
smile back okay Trump you have a
one-time pass thank you my neighbor

today we're having an official debate on
what the best fruit is it's strawberries
no it's bananas no it's spaghetti Biden
this debate is about fruit oh then it's
got to be grapes they're definitely not
as good as bananas bananas have
absolutely no juice meanwhile when you
bite into a strawberry you get a ton of
juice juice isn't the only Factor when
it comes to taste bananas are the clear
winner wow that's definitely not true
I'll give bananas some points for
consistency because it's not often that
you find a bad banana but turn brown
after five to seven days while grapes
can last up to three weeks what's wrong
with the color brown actually I support
every colored banana there's nothing
wrong with the color brown it's just not
a good look on fruits grapes have to win
because they're the most snackable fruit
snackability isn't as important as
variety strawberries don't have that
much variety to be honest bro if you
want the best milkshake candy or cake
the best flavor is always strawberry
yeah that's actually a really good point
Trump is the winner by unanimous
decision I'll celebrate with some
strawberries

yo boys do you see that rainbow wow it
looks really cool I heard that if you
travel to the end of the rainbow you'll
find a leprechaun with his pot of gold I
heard that too we need to find him
before the rainbow disappears two hours
later okay we're finally at the end of
the rainbow where's the leprechaun I'm
right here boys a leprechaun I'm glad to
see you guys so I'll Grant you three
wishes each of you gets one wish okay we
really need to think about this
carefully I wish for some cheese here
you go let's go Biden are you kidding me
literally what was the point of that the
point was getting some delicious cheese
okay Obama what should we wish for well
we both already have money and fame
don't forget that I have much more of
both you have 10 seconds to decide I
wish for a dog here you go I think I'll
name this dog Donald Jr wow that was a
terrible wish you have three seconds
left I wish to have the knowledge of
everything that's ever been said or
written here it is Obama how do you feel
I feel like my IQ has quintupled

bro what day is it Monday what year is
it 150 million BC wait that means we're
in the dinosaur age no way bro okay
let's hide behind this rock
I'm really really scared Biden just stay
very quiet
help us bro what do you need help with
well bro you speak English well I'm
taking Spanish classes right now and I'm
taking French Classes wait a second are
you guys going to eat us is that a joke
no we thought dinosaurs would eat us nah
there's a KFC up the street that we were
about to eat at and then we were gonna
head to the trampoline park do you guys
want to come let's go

boys I need some help what's up I'm
about to meet up with my dealer and I
might need some backup what kind of
dealer uh a special kind Joe are you
saying what I think you're saying yes
and I'm going to meet up with him for
some product tonight well if you have
the money then just go meet him yourself
I'll need you guys as backup just in
case is this guy sketchy yeah I met him
off the dark web Biden you'll get
impeached if you ever get caught it's
worth it for what this guy's selling two
hours later okay bro do you have the
stuff yeah of course do you have the
money yeah it's right here okay here it
is
pleasure doing business with you okay
Biden did you get the stuff yeah I
finally got the peanut butter and jelly
ice cream flavor I've been looking for
you've got to be kidding me

can anyone remind me why we're
babysitting right now we need to take on
new responsibilities but you're the
president now that my mom's not home
let's bring out the Vodka well kid we
can't let you drink Who's Gonna Stop Me
me Obama and Trump will guys I can take
care of myself I also have some friends
coming over here at five o'clock so I'll
need you all to leave boys he said he
can take care of himself that means we
can leave we can't let him drink the
Vodka fine if you can beat me in a dance
competition then I won't drink the vodka
I don't have the body movement for that
don't worry bro I'll do the dancing for
you let's go okay the dance competition
Starts Now
yeah I think the default skin one dang
it

hey boys are you down to go to the beach
I'm down I'm down I've been waiting for
an excuse to show off my tan okay make
sure you guys bring some buckets for
sand castles and some goggles for
swimming yeah sure but what about the
food part of it all we can get some
Popeyes and eat it at the beach bro are
there sharks in the water wow I don't
know but I hope not I'm not going unless
I can get confirmation I watched Jaws
last night and I'm scared of being eaten
by a shark Biden if you see a shark just
use the teleportation device from the
White House bro it's not waterproof oh
yeah we should be thinking less about
sharks and start thinking more about
building a sand castle City we might
need a permit to start building sand
castles as president of the United
States I'm granting us a permit to build
these sand castles thanks bro we'll
probably also need to bring some
security guards just in case that one
annoying kid tries destroying the sand
castles yeah let's bring a bunch of
bodyguards I'm so hyped

today we're having an official debate on
what the best car is it's the
Rolls-Royce Ghost no it's the Honda
Civic guys it's got to be the 1943
Toyota AC Biden that car is literally 80
years old yeah so is he wow you're
actually right the old cars have a way
better look and are super underrated
that's true but this debate is about the
greatest car of all time in a car from
1943 shouldn't be on the list neither
should a Rolls-Royce why not last time I
checked the starting price of a
Rolls-Royce Ghost is four hundred
thousand dollars yeah that's insane
especially compared to the Honda Civic
which is only about twenty three
thousand dollars bro why are we
factoring in price this is about the
best car not the most budget-friendly
car Honda Civic still wins it has a nice
Sleek design inside and outside a
Rolls-Royce interior and exterior are
way better it's still not as good as the
Toyota AC okay I vote myself as the
winner yeah well I vote myself as the
winner too me too

would you rather eat a mouse or eat a
house what does that even mean I think I
understand
no way bro that bank is being robbed we
need to stop him guys it's too dangerous
no boys we can just use our superpowers
Wake up sleepy Joe we're all just
regular people no we're all superheroes
no we're not it's a good thing I brought
my automatic suit maker you're
Spider-Man put on your suits boys whoa
I'm Iron Man now I'm black panther let's
all stop this robbery wow I'm so glad I
have all this money hold it right there
mister we can't let this crime go
unpunished we're the president Avengers
and we're here to we're here to what was
my line again we're here to stop you
okay I give up boys I think we should
start fighting crime all across the
world we're going to be International
Heroes

three two one happy New Year Biden
what's your New Year's resolution I'm
trying to go from 12 scoops of ice cream
a day to 11 Scoops a day what about you
Obama my New Year's resolution is to
come up with a new year's resolution my
New Year's resolution is to beat Biden
in the next election that's not until
next year oh man boys what would you say
the best year of all time was I'd have
to go with 2016 the greatest president
of all time also known as Donald Trump
was elected plus the memes the music and
the YouTubers from 2016 will never be
forgotten I'm going with 1564. Joe I'm
talking about years that you've lived
through Biden's so old that he's
probably lived through that year shut up
Donald I'd have to go with 1973 the year
chocolate chocolate chip ice cream was
invented what about the year you got
elected that was in 2020 so I didn't say
that year my favorite year has got to be
2011. Minecraft was released in the
season four finale of Breaking Bad was
released that's a w

hey are you guys down to watch a movie
yeah sure which one bro we should watch
the new Mario movie nah how about the
new Spider-Man guys I have a movie
that's way better than either of those
what's it called it's a surprise well is
it in the theaters no but there's a
movie theater at the White House let's
watch the movie from there all right
let's go two hours later I'm glad you
guys could make it to the White House
what movie are we watching it's called
Nosferatu bro that movie is from 1922.
yeah I thought we were watching a new
movie this movie will blow your mind
from how good it is we'll see about that
a few minutes later okay we're finally
at the theater let's just watch the ads
bro you can skip the ads in the White
House theater wait how do you do that
yeah ever heard of jerk mate oh guys it
was my cousin on the TV watching that
Joe you've got to be kidding me yeah I'm
out of here

okay boys we finally got a job but it
pays minimum wage I'm excited I've
always wanted to work the night shift
what's this place called again Freddy
Fazbear's Pizza I think well what do we
do we need to check the security cameras
I'm looking at it right now I see a blue
one a yellow one and a brown one as long
as they don't move we'll be good well
the blue one just moved bro where is he
now I'm looking at the cameras he's in
the party room so why are they moving
again well this place is a pizzeria so
I'm guessing we're about to have a pizza
party let's go
what's that noise yeah where is it
coming from wait the yellow one is gone
holy crap it's right there guys we need
to put these Freddy masks on wait I
thought there was going to be a pizza
party I lied bro if you don't put the
mask on then you'll die wait what I
think it's too late

today we're having an official debate on
what the best social media is it's truth
social no it's Reddit no it's YouTube
does YouTube even count as a social
media at this point it does it still
doesn't beat Reddit bro what do you look
at on Reddit uh pictures of dogs what
else uh Biden is not available right now
please leave a message after the beep
okay I'll give five dollars to the
person who can tell me the founder of
Truth social it's you right yes of
course it is and that's why it's the
best it's the second worst site of all
time and is second only to 4chan bro how
are you talking when the site you chose
was YouTube YouTube is easily the best
bro YouTube fell off it was way better
in 2016. I want you to tell me a single
other social media site that has this
much entertaining content that's easy
it's truth social even Reddit is better
than that that's not true bro I'm the
winner of this debate no you're not okay
whoever can say the number I'm thinking
of will win this debate it's 14. no it's
76. uh I forgot the number

boys have I shown you the tree house
that I'm living in well bro you live in
a tree house you must be running out of
money definitely not Biden take a look
whoa let me give you guys a tour first
is the MLG gaming room packed with
Mountain Dew and Doritos okay we should
play some Mario Kart here later yes I'm
down next is the trampoline room bro how
do you fit this room in the tree house
we need to play hide and go seek here
later here's the candy factory room
where any candy I want is made instantly
and then sent straight to the gaming
room well even the White House doesn't
have this we're running out of time for
Mario Kart okay I'll speed run the rest
of the rooms here's the Bounce House
room 10 out of 10. the roller coaster
room another 10 out of 10. the mini golf
room wow this is incredible let's go
mini golfing later and finally the rock
climbing room yo Obama are you down to
both build tree houses next to Donald
and then be neighbors yo I'm down we
should all build Bridges between our
houses to connect them that's a w

okay boys we are at the fanciest
restaurant in the world I'm definitely
going to order the hot wings I'll order
the ham I'm getting the ribs hello I'll
be your server today would you guys like
the menu yes please here you boys go the
only thing on this menu is mushroom soup
and it cost 800 a bowl unfortunately we
ran out of everything else but should I
bring you guys some mushroom soup yeah I
guess eight hours later here's the
mushroom soup you guys ordered yeah it
only took you eight hours let's have a
taste
my soup tastes like toothpaste mine
tastes like cat food mine tastes like
bubble wrap unfortunately we ran out of
mushrooms for the soup so we had to make
it with toothpaste cat food and bubble
wrap wow this restaurant sucks do you
guys want to leave a tip I'd like to
give you a lawsuit

wow this is so unfair okay Mr Trump do
you understand why you're in court today
no I forgot Mr Biden has accused you of
stealing his cheese string wow that's
literally a lie guys I swear he did it
we'll have to hear from our witness Mr
Obama what's up guys Obama tell the
court what you witnessed okay so
basically I was at the park and saw Mr
Trump having a dance off with a cow in
order to win a cheese string it's a
Rollie not a stop why don't never
stop just a flow that got the block
Trump won the dance and got the cheese
string but he wanted yellow cheese and
he got white cheese instead he gave it
to Biden who was about to eat it but as
soon as he was about to take a bite
Donald grabbed it and ate it I
technically won the cheese string but
you gave it to me so it was mine it's
hard to figure out who's right this is
the stupidest thing I've ever witnessed
but I have three cheese strings in my
pocket and will give one to all three of
you let's go

okay boys we finally moved into a new
neighborhood it's time to meet the
neighbors yo how's it going bro we just
moved in next door
that guy's definitely on something let's
talk to this other guy hey bro we just
moved in next door
i think we moved into the wrong
neighborhood okay let's ask this guy yo
man do you know what's up with these
neighbors
wow this is starting to freak me out yo
bro please tell me that you're normal
all right there's only one neighbor left
let's talk to him yo bro what's going on
we should probably move out

okay boys we're finally going on a
cruise ship this is the worst cruise
ship I've ever been on yeah it's all
rusty and smells terrible it was the
budget version wait Biden where'd you
get the tickets for this cruise ship
there were no tickets this was free oh
no bro I think this is a pirate ship
well what do we do let's go to the main
deck and talk with the Pirates
ahoy mateys yo bro this is a cool ship
but is it okay if you let us go yeah we
need to get back to the land
unfortunately that's not gonna happen
you're officially stuck with us okay how
about if we beat you in a baking
competition you let us go yeah sure two
hours later okay our dish is finally
ready we made some candy bars with candy
on the top I made a blueberry cake wow
that's impressive it's all up to the
judge to decide I'll be determining the
winner of this competition here's my
dish first
wow that's pretty tasty taste now here's
our dish
the winners of this competition are the
presidents we're free

today we're having an official debate on
what the best dessert is it's vanilla
ice cream no it's cinnamon buns it's
easily black forest cake that might be
the most overrated dessert of all time
not as overrated as cinnamon buns yeah
because you get this at once once you
have homemade cinnamon buns you'll
change your mind guys vanilla ice cream
is way better than either of these no
it's not you just have an ice cream
Addiction in order to enjoy black forest
cake or cinnamon buns you need to be in
the right mood but you can be in any
mood and still enjoy vanilla ice cream
Biden that makes no sense I kind of get
what you're saying but you're still
wrong I need to win because my dessert
is the most diverse you get at least
five flavors when you bite into a
cinnamon bun you get even more flavors
with a black forest cake but each part
of the black forest cake tastes like poo
yeah Trump's not wrong guys the best
dessert is easily Strawberry Shortcake
yeah he's right okay the rock is the
winner of this debate

okay we're finally at the beach let's go
swimming for a bit and then build the
sand castles a few minutes later wow the
water is super nice it was cold at first
but now it's becoming super warm yeah I
wonder why it got warmer Joe did you
just pee in the water come on bro we're
in the ocean yeah fair enough
well do you guys hear that music yeah I
also feel something swimming in the
water it's probably just some fish shark
are you guys ready to be eaten how do
you expect us to answer that this is the
end for you guys wait bro I brought a
Wendy's Baconator what's a Baconator
it's a burger that tastes really good
bro you'll love this nah I think I'll
eat you guys instead trust me just have
a bite
wow that was pretty good looks like you
guys get to live dang that was close

boys where are we it looks like we're
stranded on an island sleepy Joe how are
we going to escape I think we're just
going to have to get lucky and hope a
rescue team saves us Biden we can't rely
on luck well what else are we going to
do all this place has is trees we'll
find a way to build something like what
we'll figure it out no we won't yes we
will no we won't yes we will you guys
were arguing I just built a helicopter
let's go bro how'd you do that I took
helicopter building lessons a few years
ago how are we going to fuel it this one
is only fueled by singing dibs on not
singing dibs on not singing either okay
fine

what is this place it looks like we're
at area 51. is this where they do the
alien stuff yeah I think so what's up
boys whoa an alien yeah it's me bro
what's it like here it's actually pretty
fun do you guys want a tour yes please
here's the potion room well what potion
are those monkeys drinking they're
testing the dance potion what about this
room that's the drawing experiment
they're working on a pen that can draw
anything and then bring it to life wow
that's cool here's the vegetable room
wow this is disgusting but right now
they're testing how to make broccoli
taste like cake while having the same
nutrition effects I gotta steal some
gadgets from this room and finally
here's the baby room where they're
taking baby noises and turning them into
language
or I'll bring out my laser gun and
destroy this entire facility

today we're having an official debate on
what the best cereal is it's Fruit Loops
end of discussion no it's Corn Flakes
guys it's Cheerios wait Biden are you
talking about Honey Nut Cheerios or just
the regular Cheerios just the regular
ones wow that's disappointing guys
Cheerios are way more healthy than both
your guys options and the price you have
to pay for the healthier option is the
fact that it tastes like cardboard corn
flakes are the much better option they
manage to stay healthier than Fruit
Loops while also tasting better bro
Fruit Loops have fruit in the name and
we all know fruit is good for you but my
cereal has corn in the name and we all
know vegetables are healthier than fruit
how about we let the cereals themselves
decide the winner yo I'm Toucan Sam from
the fruit loop cereal box and I'm the
rooster from the Corn Flakes box well
which one of you guys is better wow I
guess I never really thought about it
but it's probably me nah it's definitely
me yo it's me Tony the Tiger from the
Frosted Flakes box and I'm better than
everyone here we're the Rice Krispies
kids and we're way better I'm Captain
Crunch and I beat everyone here by far
well I'm the lucky charms dude and I
should win

boys I have a huge favor to ask what is
it Joe I need you to help me break into
a building Joe there's no way we're
doing that yeah why do we even need to
break in I've been banned from the
building because I show up there every
day without telling anyone wow this is
super sketchy and also pointless yeah
why don't you just hire one of your
bodyguards to break into the building
for you because I want to bring you guys
along this is going to be worth it for
everybody involved I doubt that eight
hours later okay guys we're finally
outside the building how are we going to
break in we need to make sure we do it
in a super quiet way
don't worry guys I brought a grenade
okay we need to be super quick the cops
are probably on their way all right
Biden what was so important that it made
you blow up a wall behold the ice cream
factory my disappointment is
immeasurable all right Donald let's just
leave wow that was definitely worth it

hey boys are you down to go to space yo
I'm down I'm down where are we going to
get the rocket ship from Elon Musk let
me borrow a rocket ship so we're all set
where are we going to get the food from
we'll have to bring some freeze-dried
food okay well do they have freeze-dried
Big Macs I don't think so all right you
guys go without me no Donald you're
coming with us fine how long are we
going for let's go for six months six
months boys trust me I'm bringing Mario
Kart and I'm also bringing 2 000
portable chargers for the whole trip wow
six months of watching Joe play Mario
Kart that sounds like fun guys there's
another reason we're going for that long
what is it the aliens are electing the
next president on Mars and they need me
to show up why I think they want to hear
some advice on how I run things I'm
going to tell the aliens not to take
your advice good one Donald wait so does
that mean that both of you are coming
sure let's go

hey Biden how about you slow down come
on Trump don't be lame bro you're going
800 miles an hour in a school zone yeah
we're dead oh crap it's a cop This is
the End bro excuse me sir do you know
how fast you were going about 20 miles
an hour that's incorrect why were you
going that fast well basically I had to
get home to uh feed my dinosaur whoa you
have a pet dinosaur yeah his name is
Jacob well that makes perfect sense I'll
be leaving now wow that was close wait a
minute I have a few more questions yeah
sure I thought dinosaurs went extinct
well since I'm the president they
decided to reserve a dinosaur egg for a
couple hundred million years and then
give it to me wow that makes sense dang
this cop is stupid did you just call me
stupid I'll be placing you under arrest
now are you serious you have the right
to remain silent so you're arresting me
but not the guy who was going 800 miles
an hour in a flipping school zone he may
have been speeding but at least he
wasn't mean my lawyer will be hearing
about this who's your lawyer hi I'm Saul
Goodman yeah never mind you're free now
that's what I thought

boys where are we it looks like we're at
Hogwarts okay then where's Harry Potter
I'm right here guys yo what's up bro are
you guys ready to do some spells yeah
sure what's the first spell the first
spell is cabochanio what does it do it
presses play on a YouTube video without
you having to use your hands wow that's
incredibly stupid where's the Big Mac
spell hello Lads whoa is that Dumbledore
yes it is and I must tell you boys not
to fool around this is very serious
stuff yeah no one cares buddy teach us
the most powerful spells I cannot let
those spells fall into the wrong hands
holy crap bro you're lame all right I
summon Voldemort Voldemort what's good
everybody bro how about you give the
whole school some free McDonald's yeah
sure let me just use the spell track
opening in it for poo poo Voldemort what
have you done now the whole school can
have McDonald's instead of the cafeteria
food this is a win

today we're having an official debate on
what the best breakfast is guys it's
cereal no it's pancakes it's easily Eggs
and Ham no guys it's definitely beans on
toast bro you're only saying that
because you're British no I'm saying
that because I'm a YouTuber a boxer a
rapper and a dancer okay how is any of
that relevant guys look at my moves
wow who invited this guy I don't see how
anyone besides me can win this debate
cereal is easily the best it may be
diverse but it's not nearly as
nutritious or filling as eggs and ham a
well-made pancake is one of the best
foods of all time I definitely agree
with that but cereals like fruit loops
Reese's Puffs and Cinnamon Toast Crunch
are better any child who regularly eats
those cereals is going to have a heart
attack at age 11. I think pancakes are
the perfect balance of taste and
nutrition guys how about I decide the
winner uh yeah sure but first look at my
dance moves again
all right KSI you're banned from having
any more debates with us

all right boys are you ready to head to
space I'm ready me too three two one
all right we're finally in space time to
play some Mario Kart bro aren't we
heading to Mars to meet with the aliens
oh yeah let's go several months later
okay there it is wow that was three
months straight of playing Mario Kart
with Joe I think I've lost my mind hello
gentlemen Welcome To Mars thanks it was
a long trip very very long all right
Biden why don't you give the aliens a
speech about the country you're running
all right here it goes America is a
nation that can be defined in a single
word
I told everyone here that you would give
the best speech of all time but now you
give us this crap sorry I have an upset
stomach from eating nothing but space
food for the past three months we're
gonna kill you we need to make it back
to the spaceship before they kill us
let's run

wow I could really go for some Sour
Patch Kids right now now that you
mention it I want some Sour Patch Kids
as well me too looking for Sour Patch
Kids who was that my name is Wyatt The
Wizard and I have a solution to your
problem whoa you have Sour Patch Kids no
even better I have the secret recipe for
Sour Patch Kids and I'll give it to you
guys let's go where's the recipe I don't
have it on hand we'll need to travel on
an adventure to find it let's do it
first we must pass through the desert of
Doom no one has made it through here
alive wow I think I'm gonna pass out
then we must pass through the Sea of
scares which contains the scariest
creatures to ever roam the planet guys
i'm scared now we must enter the volcano
of death where the secret recipe is
stored wait bro you want us to enter a
volcano there's no way you have almost
completed the quest this is the final
stage come on guys let's do it a few
minutes later we did it all right now
time for the secret recipe I'm so
excited oh shucks it turns out I left
the secret recipe in my kitchen cabinet
which is all the way in Brazil sorry
lads

hey boys are you down to go fishing yes
sure yes bro I'm the greatest Fisher of
all time a few minutes later all right
let's get some fish what if I
accidentally catch a shark and it eats
me bro you won't have the body strength
to pull it up whoa I think I caught
something pull it up Obama I almost got
it
turns out it's just an Italian salad bro
the goal of fishing is to catch fish
only a noob could reel in an Italian
salad I'd like to see you guys do any
better wait a second I got something
make sure it doesn't pull you in the
water I almost have it
wow a new gaming chair somebody must
have been playing fortnite at the lake I
can't believe I'm fishing with a couple
of amateurs come on bro you gotta admit
that's impressive we're supposed to
catch sea creatures bro you're the only
one who hasn't caught anything wait I
think I caught something let's see if
it's better than what we caught wow this
thing is incredibly strong now you're
just weak I got it
holy crap

it's currently day 856 of the Apocalypse
me Trump and Obama seem to be the only
ones alive still we somehow haven't seen
a single zombie in months bro we need to
find more food wow is that all you think
about Biden we're literally in the
middle of a zombie apocalypse food is
all any of us have thought about for
years oh yeah let's go to the abandoned
7-Eleven and see if they have any food a
few minutes later all right we're
finally here dang all they have is some
salads I wanted to have some chips
bro what was that noise it was me a
zombie that's right guys and I've been
looking for some brains to eat it looks
like this is the end boys wait I have a
proposal let's hear it if we can beat
you and your zombie friends in a dance
competition then you have to let us go
yeah sure we've been practicing our
dance moves all right we have to dance
for our lives what about the music I can
sing for everyone all right the dance
Starts Now
you guys win let's go

hello boys would you like some free
samples yes please they're miniature hot
dogs and are absolutely delicious
this is the best thing I've ever eaten
I'll need 50 of these sent to the White
House every day I'd like to buy out this
company can we have some more
unfortunately we can only give one
sample per customer wow that's not fair
actually it is all right boys let's just
leave a few minutes later hello Madam we
would like some free samples we've
traveled all the way from Paris to try
these you guys look a little familiar
have you already had some samples today
no we have not all right sure you guys
can have some
that was good a few minutes later hello
we would like some free samples all
right guys I can see through your
disguises what disguises we're just
three regular men looking for some
samples move along well what do we do
now let's just Rob this place later I
need more hot dogs

sometimes I wish I had more time to do
things me too yeah I get what you guys
are saying hello Lads I have the pub
I'll do it first since I currently have
the most important job just walk into
the machine and stay still
wow there's two of me this is my worst
nightmare yes my invention worked wow
what should we do first I'm not sure
I've never experienced anything yet wait
does that mean you've never had ice
cream before nah never okay we need to
try ice cream and go on an adventure for
the day
that was the best day of my life

today we're having an official debate on
what the best juice is it's easily
lemonade nah it's orange juice guys it's
got to be apple juice orange juice is
way better than Apple Juice I think the
entire planet would disagree with you
lemonade is so much better than any
other option but it only tastes
refreshing in summertime meanwhile apple
juice taste better all around the year
orange juice is way healthier than Apple
Juice well that's irrelevant if you eat
McDonald's every day you guys are
forgetting the diversity of lemonade
what diversity there's pink lemonade
strawberry lemonade Peach lemonade and
the list goes on wow that's actually a
really good point well orange juice is
more refreshing no lemonade is more
refreshing no apple juice is more
refreshing all right how about we have
someone taste test the drinks and decide
what's more refreshing sure this is Mr
Plant and he's only drank water for his
whole life what's up guys have my drink
first wow that's refreshing now try my
drink wow that's pretty average oh man
now try my drink lemonade is easily the
best let's go

wow this garage sale was our best idea
yet we're going to become insanely Rich
I'm going to get even richer hello
gentlemen I'd like to purchase one of
your product s sure what would you like
I'd like to buy this
blend that'll be thirty dollars how
about ten dollars is that a joke no ten
dollars is my final offer okay then we
don't have a deal who tries to bargain
from thirty dollars down to ten dollars
I don't think you guys understand the
value of my offer yeah I guess we don't
I'm a very smart entrepreneur with a lot
of money I'm a much smarter entrepreneur
with a lot more money wow that was cold
okay how about
throw in and
actually get off our property before
these bullets start to spray holy crap
Joe what if I also give you guys my half
eaten walnut salad absolutely not wow
you guys just passed the greatest deal
in the history of humanity no we didn't

all right boys we finally made it to the
museum I can't wait to see the fancy art
pieces finally you guys will get to
experience luxury like I do hello my
name is Frederick and I will be your
tour guide thanks bro so what's the
meaning behind this first art piece it's
supposed to represent how important it
is to be patient in life wow that's so
cool I love this photo bro it's
literally just a printed out stock photo
of someone's face you guys didn't even
remove the watermarks unfortunately it's
something that only luxurious people
will understand right guys right
unbelievable this next piece is called
diruparata and it's supposed to remind
people not to take things for granted
this is the most beautiful thing I've
ever seen in my life words cannot
describe how much I love this photo bro
it's literally just an outline of a
cartoon tomato wow Trump I thought you
were a luxurious man this entire museum
is literally just filled with printed
out stock images well that concludes our
tour that'll be 30 million dollars each
I'd be happy to pay that me too I'm done

wow I'm really nervous to take this
driving test don't worry as long as you
stay calm you'll be able to pass and
we'll be in the back seat helping you
with advice I'm the greatest driving
helper of all time so Biden what do you
do when you see this sign uh I'm not
sure does that mean I can go that's
correct let's go no that's the stop sign
and it means you have to stop oh that
makes sense and as the actual driving
instructor I expect it to be all quiet
in the back wow that's boring okay Biden
we are finally at an intersection let's
go you need to pay attention to the
three colors on the traffic light bro
where's the purple one what they only
have red yellow and green but what about
purple wow that's a good point forget
that the light is currently red so what
does that mean I'm not sure it means you
can go yeah Biden step on the pedal why
are the cars honking it's because they
want to recognize your driving skills
all right you have failed the test

okay boys we're finally at the science
fair I'm easily going to win this
science fair since I invented the
toothbrush hat I think my chances are
better since I invented the silent alarm
clock guys I'll definitely win because I
invented the solar powered night light
let's see what the competition is like
this year Hey kid what's your invention
I captured a black hole and put it in a
jar wow this kid is a nerd I'm the
official judge and will determine the
winner of this competition okay my
invention is the silent alarm clock
since a loud alarm is super annoying so
how does it wake anyone up my invention
is the toothbrush hat which will
revolutionize the world how do you use
the invention if the toothbrush is on
top of your head oh I didn't think about
that my invention is way better because
I invented the solar-powered NightLight
how does it work at night if it's solar
powered uh I should win this science
fair no question I captured a black hole
and put it in a jar I am an absolute
genius alright kid you're automatically
disqualified for being a nerd wow I'm
very tempted to say a slow right now
well then who's the winner of the
science fair nobody is and I also rigged
the entire school with explosives wait
what the fuck 

okay boys we're finally at the science
fair I'm easily going to win this
science fair since I invented the
toothbrush hat I think my chances are
better since I invented the silent alarm
clock guys I'll definitely win because I
invented the solar powered night light
let's see what the competition is like
this year Hey kid what's your invention
I captured a black hole and put it in a
jar wow this kid is a nerd I'm the
official judge and will determine the
winner of this competition okay my
invention is the silent alarm clock
since a loud alarm is super annoying so
how does it wake anyone up my invention
is the toothbrush hat which will
revolutionize the world how do you use
the invention if the toothbrush is on
top of your head oh I didn't think about
that my invention is way better because
I invented the solar-powered NightLight
how does it work at night if it's solar
powered uh I should win this science
fair no question I captured a black hole
and put it in a jar I am an absolute
genius alright kid you're automatically
disqualified for being a nerd wow I'm
very tempted to say a slow right now
well then who's the winner of the
science fair nobody is and I also rigged
the entire school with explosives wait
what the

wow I can't believe that Mario and Peach
are finally going to get married
hopefully Bowser will finally stop
kidnapping Peach okay before my brother
Mario gets married let's hear a speech
from our best man Mr Donald what's up
guys take it away Donald when I first
met Mario 40 years ago he was just a
young plumber running from Donkey Kong I
remember those days if you told me that
in 2023 he'd be the face of Nintendo and
have one of the best-selling movies of
all time I wouldn't believe you but now
he's finally getting married to Peach
and Mario and Peach are a good fit for
each other because uh come on Donald
don't mess this up Mario will lose it
okay I'll be honest Mario Peach isn't
loyal what are you talking about Yoshi's
been hitting that since 2003. what
listen Mario it's a long story Yoshi how
could you do this to me and Mario you
know how you always go on an adventure
to save Peach yeah well she pretends to
be kidnapped by Bowser but they've also
been smashing for years are you kidding
me so is Donkey Kong and Toad and me and
Luigi and Wario and Waluigi

today we're having an official debate on
what the best invention is it's got to
be the internet no it's definitely the
wheel guys it's got to be shampoo please
tell me you're joking now just imagine
how crusty people's hair used to be
before shampoo bro you're falling apart
even though the internet is very recent
it's changed Humanity forever the wheel
was way more impactful in history but
over time the internet is going to end
up being more impactful the internet
might be revolutionary but there's a lot
of negatives giving unrestricted
internet access to a young kid will ruin
them the positives of the internet
outweigh the negatives and it's not even
close I fail to recognize how either of
those inventions have changed the world
like shampoo did okay how is shampoo
been helpful just look at this person
before and after shampoo
break that would make wow that's
impressive but not as impressive as the
internet let me explain why the wheel
was so important first off it
revolutionized Transportation which
helped the expansion of trade
exploration cultural exchange bro I just
Googled the answer and I read it 10
times faster than you could speak it
that's why the internet wins

can anyone remind me why we're eating
here again this is literally the worst
rated restaurant in the city we have to
give everyone a chance why would we do
that yeah the name of this place is
literally the Poo Diner I'll be your
server what do you guys want could I get
the ribs I'll get the nachos and I'll
get the pancakes yeah sure that'll be
eight million dollars are you kidding me
your restaurant is rated negative 12
stars on Yelp and these items should
only add up to sixty dollars we have to
make money some
better be quick with that food one hour
later where's that food two hours later
wow it's still not here eight hours
later okay I'm just about ready to Sue
this place don't worry boys your food
who are you I'm the chef and the one who
made that delicious meal you're about to
eat wow this tastes like moldy cheese
yeah we ran out of actual ingredients so
I made your food using only moldy cheese
and then I used colored markers to make
the food seem real

all right boys we're finally in Paris I
forgot why we're here we need to cook a
meal for the food critic oh crap I
forgot how to cook don't worry guys I
can help you wait are you a talking rat
yeah and I'm also a famous chef from the
movie Ratatouille let's go I'll help you
guys make the best dish of all time all
right guys you better cook the best dish
in the history of the universe or you're
all fired wow who's that short angry guy
his birth name is literally poo head so
I think he's just been mad ever since he
was born all right boys don't make me
wait all day for the dish we better get
started two hours later okay boys it
looks like we just made the best peanut
butter and jelly sandwich in history now
it's time to give it to the food critic
straight away I'm not impressed by the
sandwich why not you didn't cut the
crust off which means this is an instant
zero on my rating system at least have a
bite of the flipping thing I think this
might be the most delicious thing in the
history of existence let's go I must
meet the person who made this it was
literally all me I came up with the
recipe and cooked the whole thing hey
Trump you better give me all the credit
or I'll put a bullet through your head

all right boys today we're going to hunt
for the Lost Treasure what lost treasure
I just had a Happy Meal and instead of a
toy they accidentally gave me a treasure
map bro I think that's just a toy
treasure map yeah the treasure isn't
real but it gave me an actual location
and we're gonna head to it right now how
long will it take about three weeks
three weeks yes boys I just bought a 10
million dollar pirate ship and we're
gonna take it to the island I'll put the
Vice President in charge while we look
for the treasure let's go three weeks
later okay we're finally on the island
time to start digging eight hours later
wow eight hours of digging and we still
haven't found it this was so dumb let's
give it one final dig no way bro was
that the treasure chest
holy crap we're finally gonna be rich I
thought you were already rich yeah but
this treasure is equivalent to 900
trillion dollars in American money let's
go

wow I'm so bored I'm bored I'm the
poorest man in the history of the
country you guys are bored well I'm a
ninja and I have a mission for you boys
let's hear it we're gonna break into a
guy's house and poison him in his sleep
holy crap that's dark why would we do
that because he's planning to poison me
and we have to make a move first all
right let's do it later that same
evening okay boys we're right outside
his house I'm really nervous don't be
nervous bro it's all good no it's not if
we get caught we're all accessories to
murder and we'll get life in prison you
guys must be quiet once we get through
the side door just follow my lead once I
open this final door you guys must be
ready for anything let's do this three
two
one zero
finally wait bro this is a Doritos
Factory I thought you were going to
poison someone I lied about that I just
wanted to get access to the Dorito
Factory are you kidding me

today we're having an official debate on
what the best sandwich is it's easily an
ice cream sandwich no I'd have to go
with the peanut butter and jelly
sandwich both those options are wrong it
has to be a Subway sandwich if we're
talking about taste then the Ice Cream
Sandwich beats all of these yeah but we
should also think about health no we
shouldn't yeah none of our options are
healthy anyway but Subway sandwiches are
way healthier than both your guys
options it's only healthy if you add a
bunch of yucky vegetables to the
sandwich Trump is Right vegetables are
yucky my sandwich is the best wow I wish
I could argue with some more mature
people nobody in the world is more
mature than Donald Trump yeah and
maturing is realizing that Subway is
incredibly overrated bro you literally
get to customize your own sandwich but
the ingredients themselves taste bad
well how are we going to decide the
winner of this debate the winner is me
and it's not even a competition bro you
won't even eat vegetables eating
vegetables is probably one of the worst
decisions a person can make that's
easily the stupidest thing I've ever my
fellow Americans I'm here to announce
that today is ice cream sandwich day you
must recognize that the ice cream
sandwich is the greatest sandwich of all
time I guess you're the winner Joe let's
go

boys I have a really bad problem what is
it Joe I think the white house is
haunted are you serious Joe why don't
you just call the Ghostbusters they've
been out of business for years all right
let's defeat this ghost a few minutes
later thanks for coming to the White
House guys I couldn't sleep last night
so where's the ghost I think it's in the
bedroom let's go find it hello is there
a ghost in here yeah I'm right here
ghost yeah I'm the ghost of the White
House and I've come here to haunt you
guys that's it I give up on being
president well why are you haunting the
White House when I was alive I was in
the White House and asked for a hot dog
someone accidentally gave me an expired
hot dog and it killed me wow that's kind
of funny well it shouldn't be funny
since now I've come to haunt this entire
building so if we give you a proper hot
dog will you stop haunting the White
House depends how good it tastes all
right now we just need to find a hot dog
I always keep an emergency hot dog in my
pocket to prepare for moments like this
let me have a taste
that was delicious delicious I'm done
with hunting now let's go

can someone remind me why we're at the
retirement home we're here to visit Joe
come on man I'm not old enough for this
place yet bro you should have been in
here years ago oh yeah I forgot we had
to volunteer at the retirement home to
learn new experiences hello old man
how's it going what I said how's it
going what did you say
I said how's it going yes I would like
some party wow this is painful yo bro
how is life here it's pretty fun back
yeah it's definitely time to send sleepy
Joe to this place hello ma'am what have
you made I just finished making some
incredible chocolate chip cookies would
you like some yes please
wow these taste funny yeah I made those
cookies with 500 pounds of rat poison
you've got to be joking it really brings
out the taste of the chocolate chips

all right everyone put your hands in the
air no funny stuff yeah we're here to
we're here to I forgot we're here to Rob
this place
um this is a yoga studio there's nothing
to Rob oh crap the GPS was off
okay guys we're here to Rob this Bank
don't mess with us yeah how about you
start counting our money Mr Banker sure
here's 10 million dollars let's go but
why are you guys doing this I thought
you were Rich we invested all our money
on the Logan Paul crypto scam and went
broke wow that's funny hey don't be rude
bro you're in the middle of robbing a
bank oh yeah guys we have to go before
the cops show up freeze dang we've been
caught my name is Logan Paul and you're
under arrest bro you're literally the
reason we resorted to this yeah you were
the leader of a crypto scam sorry Logan
but we're going to arrest you instead
I've made a severe and continuous laughs
in my judgment

hey have you guys met my new friend
where is he he's right there
bro I don't see anyone hey don't be
disrespectful to Jerry Who's Jerry he's
my new friend
I think Jerry is an imaginary friend but
he's real to me Biden you have to grow
up at some point bro he's 80 years old I
think he's going to be like this forever
guys Jerry says to stop being mean he
doesn't like it Jerry doesn't exist Joe
you're literally such a wait he says he
wants some ice cream don't worry Jerry
here's some strawberry ice cream come on
Trump let's just go if you guys have
some of my dementia pills then maybe
you'll get to meet Jerry there's no way
we're doing that I double dog dare both
of you fine
hello boys my name is Jerry and I love
to play sports holy crap he's real I'm
never doubting Joe again I told you guys

yo boys notice anything new holy crap
bro you're a tank how'd you get like
that I decided to take life into my own
hands and get absolutely ripped
congratulations what's your workout
routine first I start off by doing 5
billion bicep curls then I do 80 000
squats and also a couple push-ups and
when it comes to diet I make sure to eat
30 trillion pieces of broccoli per hour
and also chicken and rice holy crap bro
what's your max deadlift last time I
checked it was 900 billion pounds bro
you should compete in the bodybuilding
competition the what yeah a bunch of
bodybuilders are going to be there you
could easily beat them uh yo my name is
Chris Bumstead who's ready to get some
gains and my name is Bradley Martin and
I'm going to win this competition holy
moly Trump you're looking swole nice
gains bro what's your secret uh just
eating a lot of broccoli okay the
competition starts now I'll go first
nice lift bro I'm next
your turn Trump all right boys I lied it
was a fake muscle suit that's so sad

today we're having an official debate on
what the best vegetable is it's got to
be broccoli nah it's definitely carrots
I refuse to participate in this debate
vegetables are yucky come on Trump we
need to have three people for this
debate fine I'd probably have to go with
potatoes because you can make french
fries and chips from it wow that's a
good point but carrots are more
delicious than potatoes that's incorrect
guys I brought in a scientist to tell
you why broccoli is scientifically the
best vegetable so according to my
calculations if we go on a scale of 1 to
10 then broccoli is a 12 meanwhile
carrots and potatoes are a negative five
bro what university did you graduate
from it's called the cool University and
it's only for cool kids yeah this guy's
being paid by Joe to say that broccoli
is the best vegetable guys I wrote a
song explaining why broccoli is the best
vegetable broccoli is so delicious trust
me it is so nutritious okay Joe's
disqualified so that makes me the winner
what about me carrots can't be
transformed into new foods like potatoes
can what about carrot cake oh yeah
you've got a point how about this debate
is officially a tie Fair Play
Congratulations

welcome to the president's official
barbecue we hope you enjoy the food we
make it's going to be delicious could I
please have a hot dog yeah sure here you
go I'd love to have a massive hot dog in
my mouth please choose better wording
next time but here you go I need a hot
dog here's the best hot dog in the
entire world
this is completely burned oh sorry bro
we must have left it on for too long and
you've been alive for too long bro I'll
just get you a new hot dog forget the
hot dog I'm gonna Sue this company Bro
you've got to be kidding me run meat
later okay boys you are now being sued
by this random fat guy for burning his
hot dog it's only fair I've been at this
job for 23 years and boys this is by far
the worst thing that I've ever seen a
human do you're joking right please
don't sue us we literally just burned a
hot dog by accident as a personal hot
dog enjoyer I think if you guys pay 500
trillion dollars in Damages that'll be
enough to cover the damage you've done
that works for me and you guys must take
a mandatory class on how to properly
cook hot dogs so that something like
this never happens again that barbecue
was the worst idea ever

yo what's up boys how's it going hey
nice hat bro yeah I just had to stay
flexing on you guys well we all have
millions of dollars yeah except I have
billions bro that hat is only like 100
how is that a flex if you're a
billionaire it's not just a hat Biden
it's my whole fit to I understand
I think Trump just discovered some
expensive Brands and now he wants to
flex on us bro my Yeezys cost more than
your rent and this chain costs more than
your house bro you should be wearing a
mega hat to represent your own logo oh
yeah but the Hat doesn't matter take a
look at this new toothpaste I just
copped what about it this is supreme
toothpaste and it cost me four hundred
dollars 400 flipping dollars for
toothpaste why would you spend that much
I'm only spending that much so I can
Flex on you guys and it's worth every
penny wow bro you guys could never Flex
on me I just have too much to spend if
you want to talk about spending then I
spent double the amount of time in
office than you did
foreign

today we're having an official debate on
who the best president was okay this is
the one debate I actually need to win I
was definitely the best president no I'm
the best president guys trust me I'm the
best president you're both incorrect
this debate is over right now and I'm
the winner goodbye everyone nah bro
everyone knows that I'm the best
president how about we ask the American
people what they think excuse me sir who
was the best president of all time I'm
not sure but could I please have some
beans on toast dang it's a British guy
let's ask a proper American yo bro
please let us know who the best
president of all time was
Biden that's a plant we have to
interview everyone well how are we going
to decide the best president I think I
can decide Abraham Lincoln what's up
boys bro you're the best president of
all time aside from me nah Abraham
Lincoln is universally known as the
greatest president of all time he freed
my people whoever can say the number I'm
thinking of will win the competition
it's 18. it's got to be 69. no it's
easily 501. the answer was negative 12.
you guys need to think outside of the
box next time dang it

Obama it's a shooting star time to make
a wish make sure it's a good one I wish
for a copy of Minecraft too my name is
the Flying Dutchman and I will grant you
your wish of Minecraft too
Biden and Trump back with me to Davey
Jones Locker are you serious bro there's
no way where's Davey Jones Locker it's
at the bottom of the
Undo It Obama yeah Minecraft one is
already a good enough game Sorry boys I
need a copy of Minecraft too no you've
sealed
seal copy of Minecraft 2 and I'll be
taking the
I just sacrificed my two best friends
all for a game of Minecraft too this is
the worst mistake of my life all right
I'm their chance no
that's all they did the whole time was
argue about ice cream flavors I can't
stand it so I'm just returning them
we're finally back let's start a server
on Minecraft 2. Let's Go

okay boys we're finally at the casino
time to make a trillion dollars remember
guys we have to gamble responsibly
there's no such thing as gambling
responsibly we should put our entire
bank accounts at stake yeah I'm with
Trump on this one this is a bad idea I'm
going to bet 31 trillion dollars so that
if I win I can pay off the entire U.S
national debt this is a horrific idea
but I want to see you fail all right
let's do it
holy crap guys I won Joe you're
legitimately going to go down as the
greatest world leader of all time you
can pay off the debt of the entire
country well I'm feeling lucky time to
bet another 31 trillion no no no don't
do it Joe this will be the absolute
worst mistake of your life no I don't
think so
crap the US is back in debt wow you hold
the world record for the stupidest
decision in all of humanity I'm going to
gamble again and try and win some more
money a few minutes later wow great job
Joe you have now increased the U.S
national debt from 31 trillion to 950
gazillion these casinos are rigged hey
that's my line

all right boys we've officially become
detectives we have to investigate this
mystery wait what mystery are we
investigating somebody stole my jelly
beans all right we need to find a
witness how about this woman right here
hello boys I heard you were
investigating a crime yes ma'am if you
know anything about some missing jelly
beans then please let us know why are
you guys investigating that
kidnapped here yesterday sounds like a
skill issue and besides my jelly beans
are more important well you guys should
probably just follow that trail of jelly
beans now we're definitely gonna catch
him there he is show us your face Kim
sorry about this Donald you know I like
my jelly beans how could you do this to
me you know I wasn't acting alone who
was with you sorry Donald Biden you've
got to be joking this is the ultimate
betrayal why would you do this Kim gave
me a taste of some jelly beans and I got
addicted I'll get my revenge one day

holy crap guys I just lost my first
tooth bro you better keep that tooth
under your pillow yeah the tooth fairy's
going to come tonight let's go I'm so
hyped later that same evening okay Tooth
Fairy please come and visit me and give
me at least twenty dollars I could
really go for some ice cream all right
bro make sure you got the costume do you
have the twenty dollars bro you're
asking a billionaire if he has twenty
dollars of course I do all right slip it
under Biden's pillow and take his tooth
there's no way I'm touching Biden's
actual tooth we need to keep his tooth
fairy dream alive fine the next day guys
the Tooth Fairy finally came and he gave
me twenty dollars let's go bro that's
pretty sweet wait what are those fairy
costumes on the ground for okay bro the
Tooth Fairy isn't actually real we tried
to keep the dream alive for you but I
think it's time you learn the truth
you're lying he just gave me twenty
dollars yeah that was just me and Obama
in fairy costumes my whole life has been
a lie yo Biden are you good I never want
to talk to you guys again
foreign

wow I'm so excited that we finally get
to be firefighters this is a dream I've
had since I was a kid I'm going to save
a bunch of people and be the best
firefighter ever alright boys thanks for
becoming firefighters I'll let you know
when the next fire is later that same
evening and that's when I realized that
they were out of Big Macs that was the
saddest story ever that touches me to
the core boys someone just called about
a fire let's go there now let's save
them all right I'll drive there a few
minutes later we're finally at the house
is there anybody inside it doesn't look
like it I think most of them evacuated
wait a minute there's still someone
inside help me guys yo Justin jump out
the window onto this trampoline that we
brought yeah sure I just need to finish
singing this song Love Me Like You Do
hold me tight and don't Justin you gotta
get down here immediately so what's
gonna happen if he keeps
well I guess he's gone rest in peace
don't worry guys I use my teleportation
Powers wow that's a relief

today we're having an official debate on
what the best music genre is it's got to
be classical no it's definitely hip-hop
guys trust me it's pop your guy's music
genres don't even come close to mine bro
no one under the age of 70 listens to
classical music well it's a good thing
that Biden's 80. I'm only 80 years old
in dog years well how are we going to
decide the winner of this debate how
about we have someone from each music
genre play their best song yeah sure
hello my name is Mozart and I'll be
representing Biden hello my name is
Eminem and I'll be representing Obama
can I get Kanye instead nah bro you're
stuck with Eminem and my name is Michael
Jackson and I'm here to represent Trump
all right me first I can make
orange rhyme with banana
yeah I definitely lost all right me next
no one here is going to beat Michael
Jackson except for me
that's what I'm talking about all right
Biden how about this debate as a tie
fair play hey Michael want to be friends

welcome back to the president's lie
detector show with Obama using the lie
detector Biden being tested and me being
the guy asking questions I'm excited for
this me too okay Biden first question do
you think that you're a better president
than me of course I am wow that showed
up as a lie let's go I knew I was better
I think that was a glitch okay bro have
you ever eaten your own poo of course I
haven't what kind of question is that
apparently it's a lie okay this thing is
way off I've never done that in my life
next question would you divorce your
wife for a lifetime supply of ice cream
I would never do that Biden it says
you're lying there's actually no way
okay how about Trump does the lie
detector fine by me were you the one
that peed in the McDonald's play place
when we had my birthday party there in
grade seven uh no it's showing up as a
lie I knew it it's rigged it's rigged
fake news

hey Biden when is your grandma going to
be done with those cookies I think
she'll be done any minute now the
cookies are ready let's go thanks
grandma
gross these taste like raisin cookies
yeah I was expecting chocolate chip
raisin cookies taste way better and are
also much healthier that's factually
incorrect how about you make us some
more cookies how about you use your
manners how about you shut up and get in
the kitchen like you were born to do how
about you drop a couple hundred pounds
can everyone please stop fighting
there's only one way to settle this how
a boxing match
okay Grandma you have to knock him out I
definitely will Trump there's a 100
chance that you'll win this I'm gonna
get payback for those raisin cookies
okay the boxing match starts in three
two one go any last words yeah let me
just enter my final form
wait what the fuck nobody disrespects
Mike Tyson

are you boys ready I was born ready wait
what's going on we're about to go on an
infomercial and present a product let's
go okay three two one action have you
ever been taking a poo and wished that
the toilet paper rolls were more even
well now your problem is solved thanks
to the remote control toilet paper roll
wait what this is the stupidest product
ever do the live demonstration okay
we're gonna do a demonstration on how
the product works first you find
somebody taking a poo dude what the heck
oh
okay basically this product distributes
perfectly even pieces of toilet paper
every time make sure to buy it at your
local Walmart it only cost five hundred
thousand dollars per roll okay I'm done
with this infomercial this is the
stupidest product ever hey please don't
be rude you're literally charging five
hundred thousand dollars for a roll of
toilet paper trust me guys this product
is going to change the world it
definitely won't

excuse me teacher can I go to the
bathroom yeah sure can I go to the
bathroom too and can I also go okay fine
but make it quick let's go a few minutes
later okay boys we're finally at the
bathroom
damn I really needed this Vape me too me
three are you guys vaping yeah want to
hit my vape uh my mom said not to yeah
aren't those things addicting that's
just a myth and my vape is also cotton
candy flavored mine is ketchup flavored
mine is meth flavored wow a cotton candy
Vape sounds pretty good take a hit don't
do it Trump this is a bad idea okay just
one hit
tweaking right now yo Trump are you good
I don't feel so good

yo boys what do you want to do today I'm
not sure me neither Mr Biden somebody
just dropped off a package send it in
it's just a small red button careful
Biden this button could launch a nuke
I'm gonna press it
holy crap it's a bunch of old presidents
George Washington Teddy Roosevelt and
Abraham Lincoln greetings good sirs how
do you do on this sunny day wow he
speaks like a guy from the 1800s who's
the current president of the United
States it's me well it's an honor to
meet you thanks bro YouTube Do they
still have bacon that was one of my
favorite foods bro we have baconators
and they're way better try some
wow this is so sick what should we do
now let's play some Minecraft what's
Minecraft it's a video game what's a
video game wow there's going to be a lot
of stuff we need to explain first let's
get six computers and all start a
Minecraft server let's go

yo boys I'm about to buy a car from the
internet why would you do that yeah just
buy one from a dealership trust me guys
I found a sweet deal look at this WOW a
Lamborghini for ten dollars bro that's
100 a scam what makes you think that the
name of the site is literally scamming
idiots.com it's not a scam bro trust me
this is going to end so badly later that
same evening yo are you the guy selling
the Lamborghini yeah bro let's make this
quick okay here's the ten dollars I
changed my mind this car is going to
cost 10 million dollars
fair enough here's the money okay here's
the car what is this thing uh I gotta go
dang Biden you got scammed this was a
really bad decision let me see if the
car turns on

all right boys today we're going on the
dark web nah bro that's way too sketchy
yeah and what if we get arrested don't
worry we're on the White House Wi-Fi so
we definitely won't get arrested okay
which website should we go to first bro
click on that ice cream site this looks
like a site where you can access a bunch
of unreleased ice cream flavors okay I
need to enter my credit card information
right now nah bro this website is
illegal I'm willing to break the law for
this nah bro we can't buy anything from
here dang it wait a second they have
another website with unreleased
McDonald's items they have the Big Mac
too that's so sick I'm gonna buy it
right now
it looks like you guys were trying to
buy illegal stuff on the dark web I just
sent the cops to the White House oh crap
okay who was on the dark web it was my
grandpa bro that's a complete lie dang
Biden I didn't know your grandpa was
still alive good one bro well it looks
like I'll have to arrest you I'll get my
revenge one day

why are we at a doctor's office your
friends Obama and Biden have brought you
here because they are concerned about
your health yeah bro you need to fix
your diet no more Big Macs guys don't
worry I'll be fine well according to
these test results you're on the verge
of death that's fake news what do you
eat in a single day basically I start
off with 10 bowls of Fruit Loops then
500 million Big Macs then 100 000 bags
of chips and then a chocolate cake it's
an absolute miracle that you're still
alive but you need to start eating
vegetables right now that's never gonna
happen it looks like I'll have to bring
in some backup
holy crap are you boys ready to learn
about science I'm down this is so hype
according to my scientific calculations
if a person eats 500 million Big Macs a
day they are bound to have a massive
stroke there's no way Trump if you start
eating at least one piece of broccoli
per day you're gonna live for much
longer that's fake news you're no longer
my favorite scientist

okay class the school day is almost over
yo boys are you down to play Call of
Duty at my house after school I'm so
down bro let's do it
goodbye class excuse me
aren't you forgetting something
um I don't think so you forgot to hand
out the homework good call Mark bro are
you kidding me what an absolute weenie
name calling will not be tolerated in
this classroom reminding the teacher
about homework shouldn't be tolerated
either come on boys let's go get some
snacks and play Call of Duty I didn't
say you could leave the Bell just went
off the Bell doesn't dismiss you I do
I'm the president of the United States
and I command you to let us leave you'll
be able to leave once I'm done handing
out this homework and Mark will receive
a golden star for reminding me wow a
gold star thanks a lot Mark no problem
Obama okay these two nerds have
officially ruined my day Donald what did
I say about name calling listen fatty
you're not gonna boss me around anymore
Trump that is completely inappropriate
yeah we have detention for life now

okay boys I have a pack of gushers Who's
down to trade snacks bro I'm down to
trade I have some baby carrots yeah
Trump I'll trade snacks as well I have
some saltine crackers there's absolutely
no chance I'm trading snacks with you
guys does anyone else have an offer yeah
bro I'll trade my Krabby Patty for that
pack of gushers okay I'm down to trade
but what's in the burger unfortunately I
cannot reveal the secret formula are
there tomatoes in the burger I think so
all right the deal's off there's no way
I'm eating a burger that's been
contaminated with tomatoes you just
passed the deal of a lifetime does
anyone have a snack that's worthy of
trading yeah I do what do you have I
have a Happy Meal that my mom just
bought for me holy crap he brought
McDonald's to school he's literally the
coolest kid in our grade now okay what
could I trade this pack of gushers for
why would I trade for some puny gushes
uh whoa Jake is that a Happy Meal we'll
both give you one free hug if you let us
have some of your fries that sounds like
a deal to me Jake I'll literally trade
anything for a bit of your McDonald's
nah bro I've officially risen the ranks
and become the coolest kid in school I
can't be seen interacting with a peasant
like you I'll be back tomorrow with some
KFC

boys where are we it looks like we're
inside of Minecraft wow that's sick
holy crap is that a villager I think it
is bro is your name Squidward because
you both have a similar nose no my name
is Alfred is this guy important I can't
tell no he's just some creepy bald guy
with a fat nose if I ever hear you speak
like that again you'll be dealing with
the iron golem bring it on wait so are
we actually in Minecraft yes you are and
I'm willing to make a trade with you
guys okay what's the trade if you guys
give me 64 emeralds then I'll give you
one single dirt block are you joking bro
that's a complete rip-off I'm a
professional businessman and I know a
bad deal when I see it trust me that's
the best deal I've ever offered wow this
guy is an actual con artist I don't like
this fat nose villager anymore all right
then the deal is off wait a second bro
your shoe's untied oh let me tie it
right now okay I punched him in the face
let's Rob this dude and then get out of
here holy crap we gotta run

welcome back to chemistry class today
we're doing a science experiment let's
go I'm so hyped everyone gather into
groups of two and then the experiments
will start could me Obama and Trump be a
group of three fine but the experiment
better be good let's go all right what
should we make let's make a DIY volcano
eruption okay I'm down we're definitely
gonna get an A plus one hour later okay
time's up who wants to present their
project first I'll go first I just made
the best science experiment of all time
all right Jesse this better be good I
use the chemicals to make meth flavored
Doritos whoa is that legal yes it's
definitely legal me and Mr White were
gonna sell it later what the hell
Mr White could I get an A plus no no no
come on yo can you please please just
help a brother out who's next our group
will go next what experiment are you
guys doing we're doing a custom volcano
explosion it's going to be epic okay
let's see this so basically you take
this random blue stuff and then this
random red stuff and mix it together and
then

okay class today we're gonna watch a
movie let's go but you still have to
take notes are you kidding me what movie
are we watching let's watch Oppenheimer
now how about we watch The Wolf of Wall
Street no guys we need to watch the
SpongeBob movie I have already decided
what we're going to watch and it is
going to be a movie about each function
of the human cell are you flipping
kidding me another educational movie
this sucks my brain is ready to be
educated I love learning new things
learning is so delicious for my brain
just like carrots and celery wow Mark I
really want to punch you in the head
Trump I want to let you know that
comments like that really hurt my
feelings wow Mark that was a super
mature way to handle that situation I
think I'll have both you guys
assassinated soon quiet down class the
movie starting a few minutes later
crosstalk perpetuates a finely
orchestrated Symphony of molecular
interactions blah blah blah boring
science stuff much much later okay the
movie is over I want to drop out of
school now that was miserable I'm glad
it's finally done now it's time for a
quiz on what you all just learned

boys we need to get rich but I'm already
rich well I can make you richer who are
you my name is Jordan Belford and I'm a
stock broker what's that basically I
take your money and then come back to
you with more money you lost me to take
my money Mr Trump just imagine that
you're a trillionaire instead of a
billionaire all right I'm in me too me
too one week later I'm finally done
trading and I just made you boys 700
trillion dollars holy crap how'd you do
it I invested in a brand new toilet
company and then dumped laxatives into
every water supply on the planet after
that everyone was buying toilets and the
stock price skyrocketed wow that's
messed up but also pretty genius so do
we get to keep the money yeah you're all
trillionaires but the whole world smells
like poo now this is the FBI and you're
under arrest what did I do you made the
entire world smell like poo wow this
sucks well at least we still made 700
trillion dollars no guys he just gave
you 700 trillion dollars in Monopoly
money are you kidding me so what
happened to the actual money that we
gave him he spent it all on a bunch of
fortnite skins

boys where are we you're in North Korea
bro yo what's up Kim why are we in North
Korea you're here for a challenge what
challenge I just started a new YouTube
channel and I need to have you guys
escaping North Korea for my first video
is it scripted nah bro if you get shot
then you'll actually die are you kidding
me we need a nighttime Escape Plan later
that same evening okay boys how are we
going to escape these borders are
literally the most heavily militarized
location on the planet yeah this is
going to be hard I'm scared don't worry
I have some special gummy bears for all
of us to eat what do they do they'll
give us all special powers
wow I feel way stronger now Rick Biden
do a triple backflip while dodging
bullets
all right Obama do a side flip while
throwing a grenade
now it's time for me to transform into
my final form
wow that was the craziest dream I've
ever had

bro I can't believe we're working at
McDonald's remind me how we ended up
here again Joe spent the entire White
House Budget on fortnite skins sorry
guys I got addicted to fortnite and
needed skins is this where I order food
yeah welcome to McDonald's what can I
get for you I would like a Big Mac meal
with a large fries and coke that'll be
ten dollars why thank you very much sir
no problem enjoy your day wow that guy
seemed pretty chill I wish I was a
cashier instead of a dishwasher I want a
cheeseburger with no pickles okay is
that everything yeah and make it quick
one cheeseburger with no pickles coming
right up here you go okay bye see you
later why are there pickles on my burger
oh crap I'm sorry you have officially
ruined my life I'd like to speak to the
manager uh okay hello sir I mean Madam I
mean whatever I need you to fire your
worker right now nah okay I'm filming
this and we'll send it to the police oh
you're a psycho you know that that is
the rudest thing you've said to me yeah
dumb animals
you know I bet your mommy would hate you

okay boys I have an idea to get rich
what is it we're going to sell candy to
all the kids at school and then Mark up
the prices won't we get in trouble if we
do that as long as none of our customers
snitch we won't get caught okay where
are we going to get the candy from I
stopped by Walmart last night and got
some Sour Patch Kids KitKat and Prime
holy crap you got Prime yeah bro we can
sell these things for a hundred dollars
a bottle and they'd still buy it let's
get rich a few minutes later okay class
it's recess have fun all right boys
let's set up shop where none of the
teachers can see and then find out who
wants to buy the candy yo are you guys
selling any meth uh no just candy okay
I'll take some Sour Patch Kids that'll
be five dollars here you go thanks bro
but don't tell the teachers about this I
definitely won't bro holy crap we're
gonna get rich excuse me are you guys
selling candy yeah bro don't tell anyone
selling candy is against the rules I'm
telling the teacher that's definitely
the right thing to do Mark they need to
be punished okay let's jump these kids
after school I heard you boys were
selling candy uh that was just a myth
okay detention for all three of you

wow I can't believe we're homeless okay
how did this happen bro you spent all
our money on a bunch of hot dogs yeah
that was a bad idea I have no idea how
we're going to get out of this situation
wait how many hot dogs do we have we
have 800 billion let's just sell those
wow that's a good idea a few minutes
later hot dogs for sale they only cost
25 cents each
okay how are we actually going to sell
these things bro I'm the best
salesperson in the world I have a good
idea what is it we need a brand name and
also a celebrity endorsement what should
our brand name be how about Trump's
tasty treats wow that's good now we just
need a celebrity endorsement excuse me
sir what's up could you wear this hat
and then walk into a super populated
area yeah sure a few minutes later
oh my God it's Eminem
I think all of you should try some food
at Trump's tasty treats
holy crap we're going to be
trillionaires

okay class today we're going on a field
trip let's go this is going to be so fun
I can't wait to see where we're going as
long as I'm there it'll be the greatest
field trip in the history of the country
the field trip is going to be at a farm
wait actually that's a letdown I thought
we were going to an exciting place like
an aquarium wow this is such a good idea
for a field trip I totally agree with
you Mark I'm so excited I hate these
guys so much two hours later okay class
we're finally at the farm Hey look it's
Mark's mom
Trump that is completely inappropriate
you need to take a time out a timeout
are you kidding me hey Piggy how's it
going my name is actually Harold damn I
didn't know pigs could talk yeah we all
speak fluent English so what is a day in
the life of a pig like well basically we
roll around in a bunch of mud then eat
our own poo then play fortnite and then
go to bed damn is that what I'm eating
right now what do you mean yeah I think
some of your family is in this Baconator
okay now you cross the line moments like
this are why I keep a blicky on my waist
thank you

okay class today we are going to do some
math did you say math no I said math
yeah bro you need help okay first
question what is two plus two oh that's
easy it's four good job Mark okay next
question what is 100 plus 25 oh I know
the answer thank you Bill but let's have
someone else answer damn she's gonna
pick one of us oh crap how about you
Trump uh no thanks you have to come up
to the chalkboard and answer the
question oh crap this is the ultimate
test I hope he does well okay 100 plus
25 that's the easiest math question of
all time it's uh wait a second it's uh
wow this is such an easy question I
can't believe he doesn't know it I
totally agree with you mark he should
know the answer by now holy crap you
guys are complete nerds name calling is
not allowed Mr Trump yeah sure thing you
fat cow
what did you just say to me uh nothing
that was Mark that said it okay you are
now sentenced to 100 years in detention

boys where are we we're on the Titanic
bro holy crap that's hype wait is this
one going to crash into an iceberg what
do you mean do you guys not know about
the infamous Titanic crash bro I think
you're just making stuff up hello
gentlemen this is quite the ride isn't
it yeah bro this is so fun me and a
bunch of old people were about to play
Bingo do you want to join bro we're too
young to play Bingo bro you're probably
older than me yeah I think he's right oh
man guys we need to escape this boat now
Obama try to just enjoy the ride this is
the captain speaking I think we're about
to plow into this massive Iceberg oh
crap guys we need to run now sorry
everyone I think we're all going to die
not on my
watch Biden reporting for Duty I'm ready
to save the
day holy crap Biden you're a hero thanks
for saving us bro no problem

all right bro how did we end up in jail
uh I forgot because for some reason you
guys thought it would be a good idea to
rob a McDonald's last night that was all
Joe's idea nah bro it was you it doesn't
matter they arrested both of you and
they also arrested me because they
thought I was involved so when do we get
released not for another three years
three years yeah unless our lawyers can
get us a shorter sentence okay I'll talk
to our lawyer right now
hi I'm Saul Goodman did you know that
you have rights crap it went to
voicemail damn that sucks wow three
years in prison with the boys this is
going to be so fun no it won't be fun
Biden we need to get out of here now how
are we going to do that watch this
excuse me Mr prison guard what's up if I
offer you 100 can you help us Escape
you're a billionaire how about you offer
up some more money a hundred dollars is
my Max okay then I can't help you and
you're also gonna get an extra 10 years
in prison for trying to bribe a guard
okay guys now we're serving 13 Years bro
are you kidding me what do we do now
there's only one option we have to break
out

all right boys it's time we break out of
jail I don't know if that's a good idea
yeah I'm with Biden on this one we're
serving 13 years in prison there's no
way I'm going through with that good
point okay Let's Escape tonight later
that same evening all right what's the
best way to escape my friend Mario set
up the plumbing system for this prison
there's a huge pipe underneath us that
will lead to the outside and then where
do we go I have a private jet outside
the prison that we can use okay that's
hype time to escape let's go
okay time to say goodnight to all the
presidents good night presidents
I'm expecting a good night back holy
crap they escaped
okay they know we escaped time to take
the jet
okay we're going to need new identities
and we need to be hidden for the rest of
our lives damn that sucks nah bro I
still have seven billion dollars in the
bank and we can split that money and use
it to live the rest of our lives let's
go

okay class I have an announcement to
make let's go we will be electing a
class president whoever becomes class
president will get a ton of special
privileges holy crap that's sick I
wonder who's going to get elected I need
to get elected for this I will make this
classroom great again actually I think I
would make a much better class president
you're totally right Mark I'm definitely
gonna vote for you uh teacher can we ban
Mark and Bill from participating yeah I
think only me Biden or Trump should have
the chance of getting elected since we
have experience being actual presidents
Mark and bill will be allowed to
participate all right it's rigged I'm
done don't worry bro Mark will only have
one vote from Bill but you'll have two
votes from me and Obama I'm going to win
this a few minutes later okay the votes
are in and the winner is
Mark let's go I'm finally class
president wow Mark I knew you could do
it are you kidding me oh crap I
accidentally thought Trump's name was
Mark damn bro you forgot your dementia
pills okay my first policy as classroom
president is to give Trump Biden and
Obama five times more homework

okay class today you will get your
report cards dang I hope I got good
grades me too don't worry boys I'm sure
we all got straight A's okay boys here
are your report cards you all got
straight A's let's go wow I can't
believe it yeah maybe they just made
School easier this year either that or
we're all Geniuses okay Mark and Bill I
have your report cards I'm very
disappointed to say that both of you got
straight FS what okay there has to be
some type of mistake we should easily
have the best grades in school I really
hope you boys study harder next time
holy crap now's our chance to rub it in
the face hey Mark and Bill how's it feel
to get straight FS while me and the boys
are getting straight A's this is
completely unfair I cannot believe this
I should probably mentioned that I
swapped the names on the report cards
last night so that me Biden and Obama
got good grades and you guys got bad
grades wow thanks bro I honestly don't
feel bad for them that is completely
illegal I'm telling the teacher no bill
we have to take things into our own
hands okay now it's time for me to
transform let's go

today we're having an official debate on
what the worst food is it's easily
broccoli n it's got to be rotten eggs no
the worst food is definitely Pooh bro
that's not a food is it edible uh I
guess it technically is then we're
counting it as a food wow that's dumb
yeah Biden pick an actual food okay the
worst food is definitely cauliflower wow
so both you guys are picking vegetables
yes we are and we all know broccoli is
the worst vegetable n it's definitely
cauliflower a lot of people love those
foods but absolutely nobody likes rotten
eggs I just read a statistic that 0% of
humans like the taste of broccoli I'm
pretty sure that statistic was about
cauliflower okay how about we have
someone taste our foods and see which
one is the worst yeah sure that's a good
idea okay this guy named Michael has
volunteered to try these Foods oh yeah
let's do this thing okay try this rotten
egg Jesus take a bite hold
on wow I guess Obama is the winner I'll
take it

yo boys I have a new idea to make a ton
of money what is it we're going to sell
Pet Rocks what do you mean Pet Rocks
it's a rock that's also a pet yeah I
don't think that's going to work trust
me this is going to take the World by
storm a few minutes later pet rocks for
sale come by and get a pet rock for just
ten dollars why would I buy a pet rock
sir do you have kids yes I do just
imagine having kids but they don't
complain and don't have to go poo wow
that's incredible I'll buy one right now
pleasure doing business with you damn I
didn't think this would work are you
selling pet rocks yes ma'am would you
like to buy one how often do you have to
feed it that's the best part The Rock
has no food requirements I'll take two
let's go wow this is impressive could I
buy one of the rocks and then make it my
girlfriend uh yeah sure okay I'll buy
one right now yeah I'm Gonna Get Rich
three days later okay boys I'm finally a
trillionaire and I'm down to split the
money let's go

wow boys I can't believe we're
graduating yeah finally I'm going to
miss school all right everyone time to
make your graduation speeches first up
we have Obama okay so school was fun but
I'm definitely ready to get away from
Mark and Bill Obama
out the next graduation speech will be
from Biden yeah I'm going to be honest I
only showed up for the free ice cream
but yeah I'll definitely miss
school okay now we will hear a speech
from Mark this is such a sad day I love
the teacher we had and I'm going to miss
school so much okay now is the
graduation speech from Bill okay so I'm
definitely going to miss school but
would anyone like to have some of my
homemade lasagna and baby carrots get
off the flipping stage so I can make my
speech no one wants to hear a speech
from you Trump did you just punch
another student in the face it doesn't
matter fatty It's the final day of
school yeah he's right okay everyone
time for my speech I was easily the best
student in the entire
school anyway I'm just happy to get away
from Bill and Mark it doesn't matter
because me and Bill are going to the
same College as you guys that's so
exciting

boys you won't believe what I just
bought what is it Donald it's a potion
that allows you to meet anyone you want
in the whole world do they have to be
alive nah bro it doesn't matter if
they're dead or not bro where did you
even get it I got it from the homeless
wizard guy on the street over there
seriously bro do you really think
that'll work trust bro just drink it and
you'll be able to meet anyone okay
fine no way it's Mr Beast bro how are
you doing hey how are you Obama holy
crap bro let me try it
out oh wow it's Drake I think I'm going
to pee my pants embarrassing wow boys
your picks were terrible it's my turn to
pick the greatest person ever with a
sick mask crazy skills and makes
entertainment that's
unmatched it's dream hey Trump how are
you this has been the coolest Day Ever
agreed

yo are you boys down to have movie night
yeah sure what are we going to watch we
should watch something interesting like
Oppenheimer nah bro that's boring I say
we watch an action movie like The
Godfather no way Trump that's so lame we
need to watch an actually good movie
okay Joe what are you suggesting it's
going to be a surprise there's a movie
theater at the white house so we can
watch it there glad you guys could make
it all right Joe what are we even
watching guys don't worry about it just
take a seat a few minutes later okay
boys the movie is about to start let's
play raid Shadow Legends bro we're at
the White House movie theater why are
there ads wait you can skip the ads yeah
bro where's the remote found it okay let
me skip the
ads seriously Joe come on is this the
best you can do uh yeah I really like
this movie

yo guys I need your help with something
okay Joe what is it I want to hear your
thoughts on a new law I want to pass
okay sure me and Obama were both former
presidents so we can give you some
advice Yeah so basically I want to give
everyone in the United States one bowl
of ice cream every day Joe that's the
stupidest thing I've ever heard yeah bro
you're going to make everyone even more
unhealthy than they already are Trump
you can't be talking about being healthy
with your diet guys calm down it's for
the greater good of the country
seriously Joe how is this good in any
way everyone will be so happy and
grateful for a nice bowl of chocolate
chocolate chip ice cream okay maybe but
who's going to pay for all of that I'll
use the US tax Budget on it and bring
the us into more Debt Guys it's more
important that people get their ice
cream than worry about some stupid debt
wow I can't believe this guy was elected
there is no way you're winning the next
election

dang guys I can't believe we got
detention for trading snacks yeah bro
this sucks the next time we trade we
need to be more sneaky and I have a plan
to do it the next day okay Joe what's
the plan yeah bro I brought some crazy
good snacks to trade okay so here's the
plan we all know Jack will snitch on us
again if he sees us trading so we're
going to tell him we saw his math
homework in the trash can on the other
side of the school bro that's genius oh
crap he's coming over greetings just
making sure you're following the rules
over here hey Jack I saw someone put
your math homework in the trash can over
there oh know are you kidding me yeah
bro we just wanted to let you know jeez
thanks guys I'm going to go check I have
to get an A+ on that assignment let's go
that actually worked that's how you do
it boys all right Who's down to trade me
for my flamin' hot Cheetos and gushers

yo guys you won't believe what I just
got what is it Joe it's an email from
some guy saying I was chosen to win $1
trillion bro there's no way you're
falling for that uh what do you mean
come on Joe it's obviously a scam guys I
don't think so did you even enter into
anything nah bro they just said I was
the lucky winner okay how do you even
claim the money it just said I needed to
send them the password to the White
House bank account bro are you joking me
don't you dare even think about giving
them that password listen guys it's no
big deal they're just going to put the
money in the account and we'll be rich
Joe this is literally the most obvious
scam ever yeah stop being stupid this is
a horrible idea what did you just call
me young man what are you talking about
did you just call your president stupid
uh he definitely did one more word from
you and I'll order a drone strike on
your house I'm going to claim my money
right now a few minutes later let's go
boys I just made1 trillion wait so it
wasn't a scam nah bro they just added
the money into the bank account okay now
we just won a bunch of money Who's
down to get some McDonald's let's go

would you rather never watch YouTube
again or never play sports again bro
that's a hard one come on Joe we all
know you've never played a sport in your
life shut the hell up Donald all you do
is eat Big Macs and chicken wings all
right guys I'm going with never watching
YouTube again it would definitely suck
but I'd rather be active and strong I'm
going with never playing sports again
since I can still get some exercise in
when I walk to the ice cream shop do you
talk about anything other than ice cream
nah bro ice cream is literally the best
all right would you rather lose both
your legs or never talk again I'll
choose no legs because I'll still need
to give my presidential speeches yeah
definitely because the speeches you give
make a ton of sense anyways hey that's
not nice okay Trump what are you
choosing I got to go with losing both my
legs I mean how else will I tell people
I'm a billionaire okay guys I have one
would you rather kiss Taylor Swift or
Kim Kardashian dang I think we have a
rizzler here you're just jealous I'm
definitely picking Kim she seems like a
very thoughtful and kind person who
would be a pleasure to be around okay
Obama stop capping bro it's not that
deep I'd much rather kiss Taylor imagine
all her fans voting for me in the
election bro I think that's called
rigging the election Joe please stop
spreading fake news

who wants to win infinite ice infinite
money did I hear infinite ice cream oh
no Joe infected Mr Beast anyways how do
we get the money Jimmy it's simple all
you have to do is think of a number
10,000 this is free money guys 10
billion Mr Beast I don't think it's that
easy guys but there's a catch I knew it
for every dollar you'll have to solve a
math problem well that's easy mentally
which means no using calculators or
writing down the steps on paper and also
it can be anywhere from basic addition
all the way to calculus this is rough I
might settle for 20 bucks can you make
it a little easier Jimmy okay fine every
subscriber this video gets I'll remove a
100 problems in that case I'm going to
choose 10,000 I'll stick with my 10
billion Mr Beast that will take you ages
to complete Donald I'm very fast at math
and also I trust our viewers actually
you changed my mind I want to choose
100,000 now all right whatever give me
100 billion dollar Jimmy good luck boys
24 hours later my brain is fried how
much have you guys done I've done 8,000
what the heck I barely did five how
about you Obama well I still have about 8 million

who wants to win infinite money me count
me in I'm almost out of ice cream so
yeah me too how can we get it Mr Beast
for every minute you stay in this pool
you'll get $10,000 I'm going to stay in
there for weeks yeah this doesn't sound
challenging at all boys I'm sensing a
catch but there's a catch for every
minute you stay in the pool I'll add one
shark to it how the heck are we supposed
to stay even for a minute in there
sharks ain't got nothing on me Jimmy
this is too dangerous man okay fine for
every subscriber this video gets I'll
remove one shark well that makes it a
lot easier a few minutes later I'm out
congrats here's your money this should
be enough for a week of ice cream it's
only a matter of time before you get a
brain freeze Joe if these sharks didn't
get Joe nothing will am I the only one
wondering how Joe is able to spend 20
grand in a week I thought the same but
you'll get used to it yeah I guess ice
cream is his best friend 24 hours later
all right I'm out one of the Sharks got
way too close congrats Donald here's
your money bet I'm going to go buy some
super Yachts see y'all later well that's
one way of spending that much money I'm
getting out too I don't think my
bloodline is going to survive enough to
spend all of it uh can I borrow some
Barack

who wants to win unlimited money me
infinite money means infinite ice cream
shut up sleepy Joe how do we win it Mr
Beast this piggy bank will have whatever
amount of money you choose to be in it I
choose $10 billion Donald how the
is that going to fit don't worry about
it Obama in that case Donald you need to
think bigger I pick a $100 billion guys
I think he's going to hit us with a
catch but here's the catch I called it
for every dollar inside the piggy bank
you will have to search through that
number of piggy banks to find the actual
one so if I choose $1 billion I'll have
to find the piggy bank in a room with
100 billion piggy bank that's correct
Donald this is going to take Way tooing
Long Jimmy but for every subscriber this
video gets I'll remove 100 piggy banks
in that case I'm going for $10 million
are you crazy I'm going with $6 you guys
are losers I'm upping mine to1 trillion
I don't think you understand how big of
a number 1 trillion is Donald yeah but
if I get it within the first few hours
I'll be the richest person on earth
smart idea but if he doesn't get it
right away he won't get any that's why I
chose six so I can buy ice cream shut
the fuck up Joe

time for class ladies and gentlemen yo
boys do you want to trade that's enough
you're going to the principal's office
he didn't need to get that mad to be
fair though we do play around a lot
whatever I'm out of here aren't we
supposed to meet the principal he
doesn't even know what day it is come on
we'll be fine honestly you have a point
all right but if anything goes south yo
are the ones to explain it to my mom
sure whatever what's the plan Don we're
going to walk normally to the playground
the break is right after this class so
we can just pretend that we went to the
playground like everyone did and after
that we can continue the day as if
nothing happen exactly it sounds like
one heck of a plan yeah I know and
shoot we need to distract him somehow
don't worry boys I got
this um where's the ice cream what ice
cream uh I heard that you guys have some
really good ice cream Joe really took
one for the team yeah we both owe him
one they better be getting me ice cream
after school who are they um you're
making me uncomfortable but anyways I
just like to Yap a lot so what do we do
now chill around for a bit anything but
visiting the
principal

I'm starting to get really hungry I'm
thinking Five Guys that's too unhealthy
what about dominoes you went from bad to
worse why can't we just make food at
home do you know how to cook obviously
um honestly guys anything works for me
anything healthy works for me too since
both of you don't care let's get
McDonald's I said anything healthy and
we have many other options why did you
opt for the worst Donald you guys said
you're down for anything I changed my
mind how about Chinese food that's
actually a good idea no anything but
Chinese food it gives me diarrhea then
what do you want Joe I want five guys
you know what at this point I'm too
hungry to argue yeah me too let's just
get Five Guys um hey uh do you guys have
five guys sit aside you bozo we want
three cheeseburgers and a grilled cheese
all right that'll be $38 $38 for a few
Burgers it's not my fault maybe if Biden
did something about the inflation since
it's Joe's fault he'll pay but I don't
have any money right now get another
loan then it's not as if America can
recover from all the debts anyway with
dedication and hard work we can we can
what

boys I can't wait to play this OG map
again yeah for real Donald this map
brings back good memories yeah I played
a game yesterday and it felt really
nostalgic but the only difference is
that the entire game is full of sweats
speaking of sweats I've been practicing
recently so watch me absolutely
obliterate these players Donnie last
time we played in 2018 you got carried
by me and Joe yeah but that was like 5
years ago I'm way better now all right
Donald I'll give you a hundred bucks if
you clear out retail row that's easy I'm
going to land at this gry house be
careful Donald cuz there's a lot of
people Landing here please give me
something good out of this chest wait
lmgs are back let's go that was my
favorite item in the game knocked one
boy too easy dang I might actually lose
$100 ah who threw Dynamite on the stairs
oops I spoke too soon hey Obama can you
come and revive me yeah give me a minute
there's enemies on me he's Reviving his
teammate I'm going to crawl around the
house try and res me please Barack
Donald please be patient I have like no
Health while Obama heels if you guys
want to see me get a victory Royale
click the link above the title of this
video

boys let's trade Pokémon cards again
finally I've been waiting all week for
this shut up sleepy Joe show me what
cards you guys have look I have this
super cool Snorlax bro nobody wants that
Joe that's such a lame card for real
obama what the even is that I was going
to trade it with you Donald cuz it kind
of looks like you damn chill Joe anyways
does anyone want to trade for my
cherizard holy cow that's one of the
coolest Pokemon cards ever you want to
trade it for my Pikachu heck no my
cherizard is way cooler than your
Pikachu hey what about my Snorlax Obama
Joe for the last time nobody wants your
Snorlax wait are you guys trading
Pokémon cards yes we are do you have any
cards to trade yeah I have this Squirtle
and this Mewtwo what do you guys have do
you want to trade that Mewtwo for my
Snorlax no way Joe guys if you don't
trade with me I'm going to tell the
teacher that you guys are trading
Pokemon cards during school what a
snitch n no way Joe would rat us out
anyways Jimmy I'll trade my cherizard
for your Mewtwo deal boys I heard you
were trading Pokémon cards again during
school give me all your cards and you'll
get them back tomorrow after school damn
Joe really ratted us out what a bozo

who wants to win $50 million me how much
is that in ice cream be quiet Joe what's
the challenge Mr Beast you have to
survive being buried alive for 7 days
straight how the freak is that even
possible is there going to be ice cream
down there not everything has to be
about ice cream Joe this is just
physically not possible Jimmy well I've
done it before but since you guys are
too soft I'll let you bring one thing
with you can I bring a construction team
to build me an underground house I'll
bring ice cream if you say ice cream one
more time one thing just isn't enough
for an entire week Mr Beast then how
about this for every subscriber this
video gets you can bring one more item
sounds good yay more
ice one week later congrats boys here's
your money that was one heck of a week
not going to lie it wasn't actually that
bad wait guys where's
Joe wake up you sleepy head the
challenge is over go away I was having
the best dream ever let me guess it was
about ice cream come on now

boys which pill are you taking what do
the pills do Mr Beast if you take the
blue pill you'll have the ability to fly
wo that's so cool how can you even
possibly top that Jimmy the only thing
that is better than flying is ice cream
what does the red pill do Mr Beast if
you take the red pill you'll have the
ability to teleport now we're talking
I'm pretty sure there is a catch guys of
course there is if you take the blue
pill you might fall randomly out of the
air well that's very dangerous I can
just fly close to the ground easy and I
will never miss an ice cream van again
what about the red pill does it also
have a catch if you take the red pill
there'll be a random chance that you get
stuck wherever you teleport for a day
well that would be very bad yeah what if
I teleported somewhere dangerous but you
can travel the world for free this is
too hard Jimmy okay fine for every
subscriber this video gets the chances
of falling while flying or getting stuck
when teleporting will decrease by 1%
that makes it a whole lot easier I'll
take the red pill please I think I'll go
with the blue one wait so guys which
pill will get me faster to an ice cream
truck shut up Joe

who wants to win $30 million me what are
we going to do with the money at this
point buy ice cream duh how do we get
the money Mr Beast it's simple all you
have to do is survive for 24 hours um
didn't we do that thousands of times
already yeah I just did that yesterday
you wouldn't be here if you didn't
survive every day until now Joe Ben
Shapiro don't forget about the catch
guys the catch is that there will be a
Hitman hunting you down whoa so our
lives are on the line here we have
higher chances of getting struck by
lightning while doing a back flip than
surviving this Jimmy do you think I can
bribe him with some ice cream no Joe
none of us are making it out of this one
fine how about this for every subscriber
this video gets the Hitman will freeze
for 1 minute in that case I'm in yeah me
too I don't know guys this sounds too
dangerous don't be a coward Ben yeah
you're making me sound Brave all right
I'm in two good luck everyone 24 hours
later I got to say we was very close to
unal living all four of us at one point
congrats boys here's your money yay now
I can go buy my chocolate chocolate chip
ice cream and I will go buy some private
jets and I can finally finish my Lego
collection what a nerd anyways I'll go
buy all Harry Potter movies

do you guys want to trade lunches yeah
why not what do you have Donnie I have a
grilled cheese sandwich what about you I
have a boiled egg do you want to trade
it for the sandwich heck no what do you
have Obama I told you not to call me
that whatever it's not as if you have
something as good as a grilled cheese
sandwich matter of fact I do I brought
pancakes how did you even bring them to
school do you want to trade them for my
boiled egg sorry but no do you want to
trade it for my grilled cheese it's
pretty much as good I really want a
grilled cheese but you made fun of my
name well I'm sorry can we trade now
what's up boys yo would you like to
trade something for my boiled of course
he would prefer a grilled cheese over an
egg H that's pretty hard what do you
have Obama I have drum roll please
pancakes I think I know which one I want
are you guys eating in my class again
they are I didn't know you were a snitch
put the food away lunch is in a few
minutes also how the heck did you bring
pancakes to school all right boys I
choose the boiled egg yay but what do
you even have I have some leftover pizza
from a week ago thank God you didn't
trade with me you preferred an egg over
pancakes let's just trade Donald okay

press this button for a challenge or one
million dollars damn one million the
challenge is probably super hard who's
going first yeah I'll do it you got a
challenge you need to build this giant
Lego set before you can press the button
again oh man this is going to take ages
yeah be careful not to fall asleep
sleepy Joe my turn Obama you got a
challenge as well you need to get a Big
Mac from 10 different McDonald's stores
that is so dumb but I need that one
Milli so I'll be back boys Donald are
you going to press the button yeah fine
but I don't want a hard challenge your
challenge is to build this five thousand
dollar gaming PC in under 10 minutes oh
yeah this is going to be sick guys I'm
back and I have all 10 Big Macs awesome
good job Obama would you like to press
the button again yes please congrats
Obama you won the 1 million yes let's go
man all right I'm back and I think I
finished this stupid Lego set wow Joe
that was really fast you can now press
the button again nice oh damn unlucky
Joe you have to complete another
challenge eat all this ice cream in
under five minutes
done easy now give me the money congrats
you won the money all right I'm done
check out this PC awesome let's see what
I get wow Donald you won the 1 million
yes let's go

today we will be rating different video
games to see which one is the best it's
obviously fortnite now bro nothing beats
Minecraft especially in the good old
days I can't believe you guys don't
think GTA 5 is the best game it
literally has the most sales in video
game history okay let's start with
Minecraft no biased opinions boys I
personally love Minecraft it is
extremely creative easy to run on any
system and it also proved that you don't
need good graphics to make a good game I
rated an 8 out of 10. I can agree with
that but I think you're stuck in the
past Joe I give it a six I give it a
four because it gets boring I rated a
seven moving on honestly nothing can
beat Prime fortnite everybody was
playing during season two and can all
agree it was the best game ever I rated
a seven it's a seven for me as well
three for me I've never been very good
at it I give it a four next is GTA 5 and
I think nothing possibly beats this game
the story is perfect and it is just way
ahead of its time so I can confidently
rate it a 10. I can definitely agree on
that although it doesn't run that well
on Console I still have great memories
from that game so it's a six from me I
give it a five I rated a nine because I
love the 5m community

this is the one dollar mansion this
place sucks yeah how is it even
considered a mansion bro seriously what
is that smell it's probably all the
furries that used to live here I hate
this Mansion I rate it a zero I rated a
one just because it's cheap I would
literally rather live under a bridge
than here it's a zero out of ten for me
we are now at the 100 000 Mansion this
isn't even a mansion yeah you can't even
buy a house for this much money yeah I
rate this a two it's not even good value
I give it a three it's obviously a zero
for me this is the one million dollar
mansion okay this is more like it yeah I
can get around this it has a pool three
cars and a tennis court who even wants
to play tennis I mean seriously what's
with these broken Mansions Mr Beast I
rate this a six I give it a two because
I don't know how to play tennis it's a
three for me this is the 500 million
dollar mansion it has five different
floors a private jet with your own
Runway and even has another portal in
the basement this is totally epic yeah
this is actually insane this is much
more like it but what the heck do we
need a nether portal for in case we need
blaze powder wow Joe you're so dumb

today we will be rating different
consoles to see which one is the best
definitely PlayStation everyone knows
that no way you can't beat Xbox
especially the 360 days you noobs
clearly it's PC the possibilities are
endless okay boys let's discuss this
properly starting with Xbox everyone can
agree that the Xbox 360 Call of Duty and
Minecraft days were the best and it's
only gotten better from there the specs
of the new Xbox are better than any
console and you can't even buy a PS5 for
retail price I rate Xbox a 10 out of 10.
I can agree with the 360 being superior
but time has moved on so I give it a 7
out of 10. I give it a four it's a three
for me next is PlayStation which you
can't go wrong with the PS5 is the
greatest console to be released and
everyone can agree on that it performs
well and looks amazing it's a 10 out of
10 for me I agree the PS5 is awesome so
I give it an eight I give it a seven
it's a five for me moving on the reason
why PC is superior to anything else is
obviously the performance plus it's not
just for gaming you can use a PC for
literally anything for that reason it's
a 10 for me because of the price it's a
seven for me yeah it's a seven for me as
well

would you rather have a pause button in
your life or a rewind button I'd have a
rewind button so I could quickly fix any
of the mistakes I made during life damn
that's pretty deep Obama but unlike you
I never make mistakes so I would choose
the pause button that way I could sleep
without wasting any time and Live Twice
As Long I'd have a pause button so I
could eat all the ice cream I wanted in
peace without being interrupted okay
boys would you rather have any car you
want in the world for free or be able to
run 60 miles per hour I hate running so
I'll choose the free car if I chose a
Supercar then I could run a lot faster
than 60 miles per hour running fast
sounds super cool I don't like to buy
materialistic things shut up nerd that's
so lame I'm taking a fully tuned Bugatti
Sharon worth over three million dollars
I have to choose running as well that
would be so epic would you rather be
forced to listen to the same 10 songs on
repeat for the rest of your life or
forced to watch the same five movies on
repeat for the rest of your life I never
watch movies I'd have to go with music
nothing beats sitting back with some
Uber Eats McDonald's and watching some
movies no way man I choose movies ain't
no way I'm going for drives listening to
the same songs for the rest of my life

that's it Donald you're getting too fast
yeah all the McDonald's has turned you
into an obese pumpkin Big D I think it's
time to hit the gym with me and the boys
guys stop bullying me Mr Beast can you
build me a gym sure three hours later
all right Donnie here's your new gym
built just for you thanks Mr Beast I'm
gonna get freaking Jack just for you
Donald can me and Obama buy a membership
for your gym sure that will just be one
million dollars don't worry guys I got
you wow thanks Jimmy what up nerds
critical I'll be your personal trainer
from now on awesome can you make me look
like a chiseled Mega Chad like you
Donald you look worse than an obese
Oompa Loompa raised by the modern day
American damn roasted El Trump let's go
moist let's start with some bench press
but try not to let that thick layer of
quarter pounder grease make you slide
off it's official my villain Arc has
begun shut up Big D that is so cringy
yeah more like your Teletubby era Ten
Years Later it has officially been five
years now since Trump cut off contact
with us I wonder what he looks like now
here he comes
bro thinks he's internet

whatever car you pick I'll pay for oh
yeah let's go I'm excited for this
whatever man I don't need your stupid
handouts but I'll take a freebie any day
this dealership has almost every single
car in the world so go crazy guys I'm
not holding back here I'm definitely
picking some sort of Supercar Obama that
is so basic a Supercar sounds pretty
unsafe so I think I might have to choose
a luxury car yeah Joe we don't want you
accidentally falling asleep behind the
wheel you know what guys I'm sick of
driving these lame cars time to switch
it up a bit maybe something that can go
off-road sure man if you want to turn
into a country nerd be my guest but that
Aventador looks nice screw you Obama I'm
going with the fully tuned and
customized Ford Raptor the 40-inch tires
and raised suspension will be able to
handle anything I throw at it I'll take
the Lamborghini Aventador sure here you
go Obama awesome thanks Mr Beast
congratulations you managed to choose
the most boring car here you won't be
able to say things like that with the
taste of dust in your mouth trust me I
won't be going anywhere near your
pavement princess hey guys what the heck
is that a Supra nice job Joe you chose a
12 year old's car did I
oh

boys I've got a great idea why don't we
go camping that sounds cool I've always
wanted to go camping no way bro that is
so stinky don't be so boring Donald it's
time to stop sitting around all day
eating McDonald's and live a little fine
whatever but only if I can invite
someone special all right guys we're
finally here isn't this place just
beautiful yeah wow this place is pretty
nice I rated a six out of ten yeah I
give it an eight I'm gonna set up my new
camping tent right by the lake what's up
guys I hope you don't mind but I invited
Mr Beast hey boys what's up yo Mr Beast
what's up man check out this epic camper
setup I brought this 5 million dollar RV
with car storage so I could take my
Ferrari out here why the heck would you
want to bring a Ferrari Camp because
it's freaking insane Donald did you
seriously just invite Mr B so you could
stay in his Mega RV yeah well obviously
I'm not going to sleep in some broken
tent like you losers that's what camping
is Donald you're not supposed to stay in
some luxury hotel on Wheels yeah you're
supposed to enjoy the peace in nature
wow man that is so lame who wants to go
off-roading in my Ferrari that does
sound a lot cooler than fishing and
eating baked beans yes screw this let's
do it

that's it boys I'm tired of playing on
these broke boy consoles yeah this sucks
I think it's time we took our money and
invested in some gaming PCs yeah I'm
down let's do it all right boys we're
finally at the store time to pick out
some parts for the bill no holding back
I need to have the best gaming PC
possible but so you can run Minecraft
and Roblox that's way too Overkill man
shut up Donald those aren't the only
games I play besides there's no such
thing as Overkill I can't wait to buy a
PC wait what did you just say Joe did
you just say buy a PC like a pre-built
yeah why not oh my God Joe you pre-built
Noob Joe you should build your PC so you
can save money I don't know how to do
that well good luck then all right boys
I've chosen my parts and finally built
my PC same how much did yours end up
costing well obviously I had to go all
out and choose a 4090 graphics card the
total came to six thousand dollars wow I
expected better my PC has dual 4090s and
128 gigabytes of RAM damn how much did
that cost about twelve thousand dollars
but that's nothing to me hey guys what
the heck is that this cost me five grand
and even comes with Windows 11. oh my
God Joe you got scammed

boys I want to start a podcast yeah
let's do it what are we supposed to talk
about yeah Mr Beast I refuse to be
someone that starts a useless boring
podcast yeah plus everyone is starting a
podcast these days we need to think of a
topic that will make us stand out from
the rest ice cream no Joe what about
McDonald's what no be serious guys let's
make a podcast about YouTube yeah that's
cool but what about cars oh yeah I like
cars but seriously I still think we
should include ice cream I agree those
are cool ideas but we should make it
about business and money to make it
interesting boys I have the greatest
idea why don't we include all of those
ideas to make one Epic podcast that is
the coolest idea ever Mr Beast hey
everybody Welcome to the first episode
of the beast mode mindset podcast where
we discuss YouTube Cars food and finance
I'm joined by my co-host sleepy Joe
obamna and Mr Donald hey everyone what's
up everybody I'm really excited to
finally have my own podcast to share my
thoughts with the world on a more
personal scale but let's get straight
into it our first topic is ice cream I
think that vanilla is the goat flavor no
way man it's got to be salted caramel no
way man cookies and cream all the way

last to leave this prison wins $10
million 10 million are you kidding me
the door is unlocked and you can leave
the prison at any time the last person
inside will win this $10 million prize
let's go you boys don't stand a chance
shut up AMA I always win these
challenges yeah because you just fall
asleep the challenge has officially
started we will bring you food and water
every few hours there's only one way to
get through this Challenge and that's to
get absolutely freaking J I bet you
won't last a day in here without
fortnite and Burger King Don yeah you
never win Mr Beast challenges just give
up man when I win I'm going to buy a
brand new your that's just an overpriced
soccer mom card yeah that's lame as hell
Obama boys it's been 1 month and you're
still here how are you feeling fuck you
Mr Beast this challenge sucks it smells
like pizza and a retirement home in here
plus Joe just sleeps all day so for him
he's only been in here for like a day
yeah this is easy guys wow Donnie you're
looking Jack yeah well I'm so bored I've
been doing 10,000 push-ups a day guys
Obama has officially left meaning it is
just you two left this place is
literally torture I don't understand how
Joe is enjoying himself I love this
challenge I don't have to do anything
and I get free food it's Paradise in
here fuck this I quit Joe you win so who
was the

are you taking the red pill or the blue
pill boys what do they do the red pill
will give you the ability to read minds
including animals let's go that's so
cool wait what how is that even possible
take the red pill and find out not until
you tell us what the side effects are
the side effects for the red pill are
that you will be able to read minds but
you cannot control it so when we are
just having a normal conversation we
will always be able to read what's going
on inside their head yes that's cool
I've always wanted telepathic Powers but
I think not being able to control it
would make me insane I wouldn't be able
to trust anybody what about the blue
pill the blue pill will give you the
ability to eat what ever you want
without ever feeling full or gaining
weight let's freaking go bro I could eat
all the ice cream I could ever want yes
but the side effects are that after
taking it you will need to eat 10 times
more than what you normally eat to stay
alive bro you don't get full so just eat
give me that blue pill Mr Beast as much
as I love food I'm taking the red pill
yeah same here uh guys I just read this
cat's mind and it's thinking some really
messed up stuff man what's it saying oh
my God no please this is horrible Make
It Stop Mr Beast take it back I can't
live like this no take backs boo

$5 million or Mystery Gift Mystery Gift
yeah give me the mystery gift Jimmy I'll
take the money Donnie and Obama you boys
just won these time controlling Rolexes
yes let's go what do the watches do they
look awesome these Rolexes can freeze
time whenever you press it that's so
cool is there a catch nope no catch
awesome 5 million or this Mystery Gift
obviously Mystery Gift I'm not taking
any chances give me the money give me
the mystery gift Jimmy Joe and Donald
you just won these special pills cool
but what do they do when you take the
pill you will be given the ability to
run faster than the speed of sound oh my
God that's sick give me the pill God
damn I should have picked the gift wait
there's side effects God what are the
side effects the pill makes you go bald
for life good thing you guys are already
balding anyway I can't believe this yeah
this sucks here's your money AMA thanks
last one boys 10 million or Mystery Gift
10 million is crazy give me the money
yeah I'll take the money mystery gift I
feel good about this one congrats Obama
you just won this matching private jet
and Bugatti Duo pack oh my god let's go
I love you Mr Beast what the hell man
that's so unfair yeah screw this today's
your lucky day boys I have one more for
you let's go what is it yeah what is

one million dollars a mystery gift wow
what I could do with one million that's
a tough decision but what could the gift
possibly be one million dollars is just
a small loan to me give me the mystery
gift congratulations you just won this
2011 Honda Civic valued at about fifteen
thousand dollars seriously that is the
worst mystery gift ever I should have
taken the stupid money I thought you
said one million was just a small loan
to you yeah but I was expecting to win
something awesome like a mansion with a
private helicopter Joe one million
dollars or Mystery Gift uh I think I'll
choose the mystery gift congratulations
Joe you just won this newly built 50
million dollar mansion are you kidding
me that is so unfair bro it has a
massive custom car garage a pool and
even comes with a private helicopter
what that is so stupid don't worry
Donald I'm sure you can visit me
sometime Obama one million dollars or
Mystery Gift I'm going to play it safe
here I don't trust it since Donald
literally won a used Honda I'll take the
one Milli no problem the money is now in
your account awesome would you like to
see what you could have won sure if you
chose the mystery gift you would have
won two matching private jets both worth
over five million dollars each wow that
hurts to hear yeah but at least you
didn't win a used Honda like Donald

first person to finish this parkour wins
100 Grand see at the Finish Line boys no
way I'm faster than both of you yeah
shut up trumpy dumpy boom I one give me
that 100 grand damn are you
kidding don't hate the player hate the
game congrats Donnie on winning the
first challenge here's your 100 Grand
let's go if you hit the
bullseye I'll give you a 100 Grand damn
I suck at shooting same Obama is
definitely going to win this challenge
he's a
professional let's go I made it let's go
damn it congratulations Joe and Obama
you just won the money yes let's
freaking go bro this final challenge is
worth $1 million holy 1 million
what's the challenge you need to jump
off this cliff and water bucket clutch
at the bottom anyone who doesn't land
the clutch will lose let's go I'm
cracked screw it bro let's
go yes I did it let's go boys me
too give me that 1 mlie Mr Beast Boys
I'm doing
it

boys which pill are you choosing what
are the options if you take the red pill
your dreams will become a reality
meaning every time you fall asleep it
will be like going into a real life
simulation of your dream cool like a
virtual reality dream yes but it will
feel so real that you won't even
remember that you're dreaming that's
freaking awesome what about the blue
pill if you take the blue pill you will
be able to choose anyone in the world
and completely morph into them taking
their place awesome so I could turn into
LeBron James yes but listen carefully
there are side effects oh God what are
the side effects if you take the red
pill you will have the ability to
experience real life dreams but this
means you will be able to feel all pain
and you also won't be able to realize
you are dreaming until you wake up wo
that's scary imagine having an insane
nightmare yeah that would be terrifying
yeah but imagine if you had an epic
sci-fi dream with guns and fights that's
lowkey mad nerdy Donnie if you take the
blue pill you will be able to become
anybody you want but every time you
choose to use the Ability the person you
replace will die wow this is a hard
Choice the dream one is way cooler I'll
take the red pill Please Mr Beast I
guess the dreaming ability would be
pretty sick I'll take the blue pill I
want to be Ronaldo

I need some new shoes yeah my drip is so
dead let's go to Foot Locker so we can
get some new swag and attract baddies
hello boys welcome to Footlocker Donnie
I didn't know you worked here I don't I
teamed up with Mr Beast and now we own
it nice but why are you dressed up like
a worker I like to cosplay sometimes
nerd this isn't just any normal Foot
Locker boys the shoes here all have
different abilities awesome what about
these those shoes will make you run up
to 60 kilometers per hour can I try them
on sure see you nerds where's Obama
stole shoes what do these shoes do those
shoes will turn you into a homeless
person don't get those why the
would you sell shoes that do that in
case we get any annoying Karen customers
we just recommend those I like your
thinking Joe try these whenever you wear
them they give you an insane energy
boost I think you're gonna need them
sleepy Joe okay how much those ones are
sixty thousand dollars don't worry
sleepy Jay it's on me thanks Mr B three
hours later guys have you seen the news
what happened all ice cream trucks on
the planet have been robbed oh my God I
wonder who that could have been
ice cream or I'm wearing cocaine shoes
oh my God the shoes have made them go
insane yeah I've literally never seen
him like this before Mr Beast I love
these

I will give each of you boys $1 million
and all you have to do is choose between
these two pills what do the pills do if
you take the red pill you will become
extremely attractive how attractive so
attractive that you will immediately
look like a model and you will never
have to try and maintain your looks so
you will forever look amazing damn I
need that pill what about the blue one
if you take the blue pill you will
become extremely athletic you will be so
fit and amazing at sports that you could
become a professional athlete with ease
both of the pills sound really cool but
I want to be fit again yes sleepy Joe do
be slowing down in the fitness
Department uh there are side effects
that come with both pills Dam if take
the red pill you will become insanely
attractive but this also means you will
never age and your face will never
change meaning you will stay the same
for your entire life sounds like a
freaking win to me if you take the blue
pill you will become super athletic but
you will be average looking for the rest
of your life no matter how fit you
become damn this is a good pill episode
I can't decide I'm taking the red pill
so I can become a supermodel and make
millions while traveling the world with
bades good idea but man I'm taking the
blue pill so that way I can become the
best athlete in the world and make
billions yeah give me the red pill Mr
Beast I want to be freaking Jack

would you use this AI robot to take your
place or this special mirror what the
hell does that robot do this robot uses
AI technology to learn from your basic
gestures and mannerism so it can act
like you and take your place while
you're away that's cool so you could
leave it to stay at home while you go
and do stuff without people caring yes
the robot looks exactly like you and to
the average person it can't be
recognized as a robot so it's basically
just a clone of you yes except it
doesn't have a conscious brain it uses
AI to learn from your habits and we do
as you say but after a while people may
start to recognize that you are acting
strange can I use it to complete tasks
yeah that's another great thing about
the robot it's installed with a chat GPT
model that allows it to follow any
commands you give it like doing chores
or work what about the mirror this
mirror has the ability to customize your
face and body hell yeah that's epic but
how does that even work you can use your
finger to draw and customize your face
and body with ease awesome I could make
myself look young again don't be creepy
Joe the only side effects are that when
using the mirror you can't undo things
if you make a mistake you will have to
figure out how to morph your face back
to normal give me that mirror Mr Beast I
want to look cool yeah I'll take the
mirror as well I'll take the robot it
seems super useful

boys which pill would you rather what do
the pills do if you take the blue pill
you will be given the ability to travel
backwards in time okay but what does the
red pill do if you take the red pill you
will be given the ability to turn
completely invisible whenever you want
it's obviously the blue pill imagine the
things you could do with time travel
yeah time travel is way better than
invisibility so what's the catch the
blue pill has a magical binding rule
that only allows you to use its ability
one time and when you go back in time
you also go back to the exact age that
you were at that time so if I went back
50 years I could be 20 years old and
relive my life again yes damn that's
deep screw that I'm taking the red pill
so I can go invisible and Rob all the
ice cream trucks I want that is so lame
Joe why not rob a bank because it's not
nice I'll take the red pill as well I
would love to have some peace from being
so famous shut up nerd you're not that
famous Crow thinks he's him I'll take
the blue pill so I can go back to when I
was born so I can build my insane wealth
retire at 20 years old and drive around
in Lambos like an absolute freaking G
sure here's your pills boys I'm back
I just went invisible and stole
15 Dodge demons

boys which pill would you take what are
the options if you take the blue pill
you can choose to have any car you want
in the world right now sounds cool yeah
but what's the red pill option or take
the red pill and you will be given the
ability to clone any car in the world by
touching it as many times as you want
obviously the red pill is better you
could literally clone as many cars as
you want there's a catch what's the
catch Mr Beast the cars that you clone
using the red pills ability have a
magical binding contract that stops you
from ever being able to sell the cars
for any kind of profit okay but what if
we take the blue pill you are allowed to
sell the blue pill car this is a hard
decision no way man I'm taking the blue
pill so I can give myself a super
expensive car and then sell it for
millions of dollars so lame Obama I'll
take the red pill so I can combine
cloning cars with my extreme wealth to
create Mario Kart in real life sure
here's your pills boys I'll take the red
pill that way I can clone an infinite
number of ice cream trucks for myself
wow Joe of course you brought ice cream
into this I'm back mother guess who just
cloned an entire Army of Tanks to take
over the world damn I should have chosen
the red pill it's so much cooler

would you rather have this special VR
headset or this special scooter that VR
headset looks freaking awesome what does
it do the VR headset has advanced
technology that gives you the ability to
transfer yourself into any video game
wait isn't that just normal virtual
reality no because when you wear this
headset your entire body and soul will
be put inside the actual game and you
will be able to play like it's real life
what happens if we die in the game you
will still be able to respawn if you die
and you can leave the game by taking the
headset off that is so awesome but
what's the catch the catch is that
because it is so real you will still
feel all the pain from any game like if
you got hit by a car stabbed or walked
into poisonous gas you would feel
everything damn that's scary bro that is
so freaking awesome what does the
scooter do Mr Beast this special
electric scooter has the ability to go
extremely fast speed and has a tablet
that will allow you to choose and
teleport to any sidewalk on Earth the
battery also never dies how fast is it
so fast that you can ride it on water
and do a lap around Earth in 10 minutes
what's the catch the catch is that it is
extremely dangerous if you were to crash
while going super speed you would die
instantly no way man that's not safe at
all I'll take the headset yeah I'll take
the headset

boys which button will you press what do
they do listen carefully because each
button has its own power tell us already
pressing the red button will give you
instant wealth and riches every time you
press it you will be given $1 million
immediately that sounds awesome you will
be able to have anything you want
Mansions Freedom girls Yachts you will
be able to live a rich and free
lifestyle until you die what could
possibly be better than that let me
press what about the blue button
pressing the blue button however will
immediately make you extremely fit and
jacked and doing so this will also make
you very attractive damn they both sound
kind of good you can take both buttons
with you anywhere you go and whenever
you start to gain weight or run out of
money you can just press it again but
you are only allowed to choose one
button so if we press the red button we
become Ultra rich but we stay how we are
yes as soon as you press the red button
you stay how you are forever no matter
how hard you work out your body and
health will always stay the same apart
from aging give me that red button Mr
Beast wealth and status is all that
matters to me sure here you go Donnie
take the red one please Mr Beast all
right well fitness and health is more
important to me so I'll take the blue
button wow Big D thanks for inviting me
to your yacht party whatever bro just
stop stealing all the girls

guys we are stranded on an island yeah
what the heck happened hello boys
welcome to survival of the presidents
what the hell is going on why have you
brought us to this island I brought you
here for a challenge whoever is the
first to escape this island will win
$100 million damn 100 Mil are you
serious hell yeah let's do this how are
we supposed to escape I have three lucky
boxes that you can choose from each box
has special items inside that will help
you escape but you can only choose one
okay what's in the boxes the yellow box
just has an unlimited food and water
supply so you can spend as much time as
you need trying to escape that's pretty
good at least I won't starve sounds like
a box for Los what's in the other ones
the blue box has a helmet that will give
you the ability to breathe underwater
with unlimited oxygen nice so I could
just swim and Escape no way Joe we have
no idea how far we have to go you could
get too tired and drowned and finally
the red box contains this helicopter
freaking helicopter is so much better
than the others give me that box I'll
take the helmet please give me the
yellow box I want the food supply okay
here you go boys good luck escaping you
idiots I can't believe you chose those
stupid boxes over a freaking helicopter
yeah well good luck learning how to fly
a helicopter while I build a raft oh

would you rather have this special PC or
this special chair that PC looks way
cooler than the chair what does it do
the PC has a super Advanced program on
it that allows you to control other
people remotely how does that even work
yeah that sounds awesome not only is
this the most advanced and Powerful PC
in the world but when you launch the
mind control program you will be able to
search and select specific people to
control everything they do remotely you
could literally become a god with that
PC yeah you could make people do
anything you want what's the catch the
catch is that although the PC is super
powerful it doesn't support any video
games so you can do work or video
editing on it but never play any games
so it's basically just a Mac what does
the special chair do this special chair
has a ton of built-in gadgets it can
hover around and also turn you
completely invisible as long as you are
sitting in it that's so cool man not
only that but it has an alien mini
fridge and storage compartment that has
an endless supply of food and beverages
all you have to do is search for what
you want wow infinite food glitch you
can relax watch movies play games or
just do whatever you want in this chair
sounds like paradise that's so nerdy and
lazy man but what's the catch Noe the
chair has no catch whatever it's still
stupid so I'll take the PC I'll take
that chair

would you rather have this special bike
or this special house what does the
house do this house is worth billions of
dollars it has everything you need
including a massive custom gaming room
and giant car garage but not only that
it has a giant force field around it
anything inside the force field can be
teleported anywhere in the world wait
what so does that mean I could teleport
the house into the sky and have a
floating house yes the house can go
anywhere cool I could make an epic tree
house sounds lame what about the bike
this special motorbike has a hovering
ability that will let you fly around at
Super speeds that's epic it also has
infinite missiles attached to it so you
can fly around and blow things up so
it's basically an oppressor bike from
GTA yeah except this one can freeze time
cool you could freeze time and blow up
stuff without anyone knowing yeah but
only buildings without people in them uh
yeah of course that bike sounds so cool
I'll take it yeah same here that bike is
useless to me I'll take that house sure
here you go boys this is so peaceful
just me and my giant treeh house what up
sleepy Joe this is what I think of your
dumb house what the hell guys stop
trolling wow this is so much fun Donnie
yeah that idiot's house literally has a
force field and we still blew it up

would you rather have this special
headset or this special keyboard that
keyboard looks awesome what does it do
the keyboard uses special AI technology
that will instantly make you good at any
video game you play no matter what it is
wait so if I use the keyboard I would
instantly become the best player of
whatever game I choose yes the AI
quickly learns the best mechanics for
any competitive game that's cool I could
use it to enter competitions and win
heaps of money yeah what's the catch Mr
the catch is that the AI inside the
keyboard only has a 5-hour battery life
before it needs recharging that takes an
hour to recharge again once it dies it
will just become a regular keyboard okay
what does the headset do Mr Beast this
special headset will give you the
ability to change and morph your voice
into any living person's voice wow cool
like a real life voice changer yes and
it's perfectly accurate with no delay or
errors at all does it work with animals
voices no only human beings okay cool
but what's the catch the catch is that
the headset also has a battery life
except it only has a onetime use so once
it runs out you will never be able to
use it again how long does the battery
last for 1 hour damn that's so short
I'll take the keyboard so I can win
fortnite tournaments and become a
professional gamer yeah I'll take the
keyboard so I can become a streamer

would you rather have this super
intelligent cat or this infinite bag I
hate cats what does the bag do this bag
has an infinite storage ability that
allows you to store literally anything
inside without it ever becoming full
wait so I could fill the bag with
thousands of diamonds and it will still
be the same weight yes you can fit
anything inside the bag and it will
always stay the same weight so you can
carry things around easily awesome what
about a truck oh my God shut up AMA he
just said you can fit anything inside it
that's cool Jimmy but what's the catch
the catch is that using the bag will
cost you cost us what every time you
open the bag one day will be taken off
of your life if we open the bag 300
times we will live for one year less
than we are supposed to yes damn sleepy
Joe's getting too old I don't think
that's a good idea shut up olama what
does the cat do this super intelligent
cat can speak to you and will be your
dedicated loyal sidekick for the rest of
your life still sounds pretty useless to
me wait Donnie think about it it's a
loyal cat that could fit into small
spaces and follow orders without being
suspicious to anyone oh cool so I could
use it to sneak through vents and rob
banks yeah you could do that I'll take
the cat I want the cat as well I think
I'll take the bag but first I have a
question for you boys

boys I'm giving you a credit card each
with $1 million on it wow thanks Mr
Beast why are you giving us this money
there's a catch boys so don't get too
excited what is it I am giving you each
$1 million but you will need to spend
all the money within 1 hour or else the
card will stop working how the hell are
you supposed to spend $1 million in 1
hour that's easy man I already know what
I'm going to buy there's also no time
for planning your time has already
started so you better start shopping
well I'm out of here oh God okay thank
Joe we all know you can't think Joe stop
trying oh and one more thing you will
need to spend every last dollar on the
card what happens if we don't this card
has a magical binding rule where if you
fail to spend every single dollar
everything you bought during the hour
will be disintegrated no matter what it
is all right screw this I'm going
shopping all right boys your hour's up
let's see what you bought okay I somehow
managed to spend every dollar I bought
three Dodge demons and then used the
rest on a small house as an investment I
managed to get myself this entire Island
for $990,000 and spent the rest on
McDonald's 10 grand worth of McDonald's
you fat what about you Joe I bought
myself this private jet on eBay Joe you
can't get a jet on eBay you definitely
got scammed

boys are you taking the red pill or the
blue pill what do they do if you take
the blue pill you will be able to
duplicate any item in the world by
simply touching it wait that's awesome
but how does it work once you take the
blue pill any physical item you touch
like a car or a pen will be cloned
instantly as many times as you like so
like a real life dupe glitch that's so
overpowered bro I could open my own ice
cream stand lame I would use the ability
to clone the biggest car garage in the
world and become a trillionaire there
are side effects what are they since
money can't be duplicated trying to
clone money using the blue pills ability
won't work no matter how hard you try
you can clone anything you want just not
money this also means you can't sell any
of the items you duplicate damn that
sucks what about the red pill if you
take the red pill you will instantly be
given a no clipping ability meaning you
can walk through walls or literally any
hard surface won't we just fall through
the Earth no because you can control
this ability easily so no clipping
through things on accident just isn't
possible that's awesome but what about
side effects uh no the red pill doesn't
have any I still think the blue pill is
way better I'll take the cloning ability
yeah same here I like both pills but
even with the side effects the blue pill
still wins for me so I'll take it

are you taking the red pill or the blue
pill boys I'll take the red pill he
hasn't even explained what they do red
pill is always the best the red pill
makes you need to fuck five times a day
bro what the fuck wow good one Donald
but the good part is that you fuck
diamonds wait really so you'll literally
become a diamond chicken bro I told you
it's the best option what about the blue
pill the blue pill gives you superhuman
strength nice that's overpowered how
strong are we talking here you'll
literally be able to lift buildings with
ease dude that would basically make you
God you could do anything you could
probably take over the world I already
fuck seven times a day so taking the red
pill is literally just a win wow okay
here you go Joey yeah I'll take the red
pill too boys I have an offer for you is
it if you guys take the red pill I'll
take the blue pill and get superum
strength then you guys can pay me some
of your diamonds as protection sure I'll
do that shut up you nerd did you really
think I was going to take that deal if
you want diamonds you got to take the
red pill cuz I ain't giving you fuck
yeah he literally won't give you fuck
hey what the fuck man what are you doing
you should have taken the deal little
Donnie boy stop I have an offer for you

would you rather have these special
slippers or this special notebook what
did the slippers do when you put on the
special slippers you will be transported
to a completely random Dimension what do
you mean you will morph into a random
Dimension that could be absolutely
anything it could be a dimension where
everything is made out of ice cream or a
world ruled by raccoons wow that sounds
so freaking awesome you had me at ice
cream that's cool but what's the catch
well every time you put the slippers on
there is a random chance that you will
be taken to an evil Dimension since it's
random and there are infinite Dimensions
you could be taken to a world overrun by
psycho alien murderers or one where the
floor is lava can't you just take the
slippers off yes but there's infinite
Dimensions you could morph into the
blender Dimension which would kill you
instantly okay what about the notebook
if you choose the notebook anything you
write or Draw inside of it will come to
life you could draw your dream car a pet
alien or even give yourself millions of
dollars that is so much better than the
slippers yeah what's the catch the catch
is that the book has a Tracker inside
that cannot be removed and once you take
the book there are three bounty hunters
that will do anything in their power to
steal the book from you even if they
have to kill you that's lowkey kind of
cool I think I'll take the notebook

even when a balloon is half inflated
it's still completely full wow that's
true oh no sleepy Joe is saying weird
stuff again how do our brains remember
that we forgot something but we can't
remember what that thing was you're the
expert at forgetting things so why don't
you tell us yeah that's why they call
you sleepy Joe why aren't iPhone
chargers called apple juice wow that's
actually a really good idea yeah that's
genius only one sock ever goes missing
because if both did you would never
notice I hate this Joe stop now please
if you need socks you should buy these
limited Mr Beef shut up nerd yeah this
is no time for a merch plug painkillers
are the mute notification option for the
body seriously where is he getting all
this knowledge from I'm not listening to
this anymore if tomatoes are fruit then
ketchup is Jam damn it Joe why did you
have to ruin ketchup for me Joe
seriously stop or I'm calling the police
wow Obama the snitch searching for a new
laptop online is basically forcing your
current computer to dig its own grade so
please I can't handle this while we
sleep our brains make up stories and
then get scared of them that's it Joe if
you don't stop now I'll use this tank to
blow up your house teenagers drive like
they're on borrowed time meanwhile
elderly people drive

would you work this 9 to5 job for
$100,000 a month hell yeah how does it
work if you sign this contract to start
the job you will immediately start
receiving a salary of 100K per month
that's so cool I could buy all the cars
I want yeah I could buy a sick ass
Mansion dude that's such a broky wage
job what do we have to do Mr Beast
here's the bad part the job requires you
to sit inside of this empty room for 8
hours per day no matter what bro what
that's so boring there is nothing but a
toilet and a very comfortable chair
inside and if you want your salary at
the end of each month you will need to
sit in the room by yourself every day
without missing a single sh 8 hours per
day just you and your thoughts inside
this silent room that's literally like
prison more like solitary confinement I
don't know about that one boys I think I
would go insane at least you get paid
for it you are allowed to quit the job
at any time but once you quit you can
never work again meaning whatever money
you make is what you get screw it Lads
I'm taking the job yeah I think I need
the money you nerds are so sad there's
no way I'm working a 9 to5 that's so
lame shut up Donnie me and Joe are
making racks now it's been 3 weeks now
how are you guys holding up I've gone
utterly insane

boys would you wear this mask for $10
million 10 Mill and all we have to do is
put on a stupid mask yeah you are
literally just giving away free money
Donnie that's literally what Mr Beast
does this isn't any normal mask boys it
has special abilities what kind of
abilities by wearing this magic mask you
will be able to shape shift into any
person or living thing you can think of
so if I put that mask on I could
immediately shape shift into an insanely
shredded gigachad what about a dragon
yes as long as you are wearing it you
can turn into literally any living thing
whenever you want dude that is so
awesome yeah and we get $10 million
there got to be some sort of catch there
is oh here we go as soon as you put the
mask on you will become allergic to your
original face meaning you can shape
shift into anything you want but you
will never be able to go back to your
normal identity so our identities will
be lost forever yes waa I don't know
about this one guys that seems pretty
deep yeah that's scary shut up you wimps
this is the best thing Mr Beast has ever
given us I'll take it fine I'll take it
Mr Beast same let me try it three hours
later guys look I transformed myself
into a freaking Ender Dragon but my
voice is still the same oh my God that
is freaking awesome
boys would you take this deal for 10
million dollars damn 10 mil what's the
deal Jimmy if you accept the deal you
will need to beat Minecraft by killing
the ender dragon dude that's the easiest
10 Milli of my life I'm literally
cracked at Minecraft yeah we should get
the boys together and do this there's a
catch oh my God what's the catch Mr B
you need to finish the game in hardcore
mode meaning you only have one life and
only one chance damn that makes things a
little harder not only that but once you
sign the contract you will be
immediately sucked into the game meaning
you will have to do everything in real
life cool like virtual reality yeah what
happens if we die if you die trying to
complete the challenge you will be
trapped in the game leaving you and your
soul stuck inside Minecraft forever damn
that's deep shut up losers stop being
such wimps this is easy can we do it
together yes the contract states that
you are allowed to do it together and
you will all still receive 10 million
each all right screw it guys let's do it
I don't even need this money but I'm
bored of normal Minecraft so screw it
I'm in yeah let's go three hours later
it's been hours now we lost Biden back
in the nether me and Trump are the only
ones left I just used my last
block just hang in there Donnie we got
up this I don't know if I can do this
man

guys look this cat is literally talking
yeah right shut up Mr Beast hell boys
holy it is talking oh my God what
the heck hey Kitty Kitty do you like ice
cream shut up sleepy Joe okay I am here
to give you boys a very valuable offer
seriously what kind of offer could you
possibly give us yeah Mr Beast has the
best deals yeah Beat It cat before we
tell everyone you can talk I wouldn't do
that if I were you oh my God the cat has
a freaking gun here I have a device that
will allow me to transform Earth into a
world ruled by cats but I cannot get it
to work without your help why would we
want to help you take over the world
yeah what's in it for us you little
cutie Joe get the hell out if you boys
help me take over the world I can
promise you a new life of luxury any car
you want house girlfriend PlayStation
you name it anything yes that's what I
just said you dumb nerd you may have
anything you desire as long as you
always respect Cats Forever and treat us
like Gods hell yeah I'm down hey I don't
know about that yeah I don't want to be
ruled by cats I already have enough
money to buy literally anything I want
anyway boys think about it you can have
anything you want without doing any work
this is a free pass to complete freedom
in Paradise fine let's do it you never
had a choice

boys would you accept this deal to
become immortal hell yeah I would
freaking love to be immortal dude no way
being Immortal would suck does that mean
you can never die yes if you sign this
Myster contract you will immediately
become immortal imagine being able to
live forever you already have you
freaking dinosaur before you sign it you
should listen to the terms being
Immortal would be terrible you would
have to watch everybody you love shut up
Obama no one cares about your Sabby wimp
 yeah listen to the terms Obama
once you sign the deal you will become
immortal but you will also be sent back
200 million years into the past and once
you finally reach this present day you
will go back to normal oh my God so we
would get sent back to when the
dinosaurs were alive yes you will need
to relive the dinosaur ages and
everything after then you will become
mortal again not going to lie bro that
is actually so insane I don't think I
could mentally handle that yeah that's
kind of scary what's so scary about it
you can literally never die and
basically become God so screw it I'll
take the deal Mr Beast fine let's all do
this so we can meet up together and
become awesome dinosaur people yeah I
bet after a few million years we can
figure out how to ride them check me out
I figured out how to ride a
T-Rex yo that's so freaking awesome Don

whoever wins this race wins 10 million
dollars oh yeah I am so in yeah let's do
this 10 million dollars and all I have
to do is beat you losers in a race you
may as well hand over the money now okay
boys it's time to choose your car you
each have a 200 000 budget which
includes the car and any upgrades you
have three hours you guys don't stand a
chance can someone help me choose a fast
car no way sleepy Joe three hours later
it has officially been three hours which
means time is up let's see what cars you
chose I went with the Audi R8 spider the
car cost me 180 000 and I spent the rest
of the budget on mods I chose the
Lamborghini Huracan for exactly two
hundred thousand dollars which means I
had no budget left for mods but this car
doesn't need them awesome what about you
Joe I got this car I can't remember what
it's called but my mechanic friend said
this should be perfect what the heck is
that the car cost 15 000 and I spent
about 160 000 on the mods wow Joe you
got scammed that's literally a Honda
Civic all right guys time to race let's
do this I'm taking that 10 Milli Obama
three two one go see you boys
okay

would you rather have these pants or
this special helicopter what do the
pants do they look cool whenever you
wear the pants you will be taken to an
alternate reality what kind of reality
this reality is a complete replica of
Earth except while you are wearing the
pants time will be Frozen and everyone
on Earth will disappear wow that sounds
so epic yeah I want those pants you
could do literally anything you want
without anyone knowing and then just
take the pants off when you want to go
back to the real reality is there a
catch no the pants have no catch you
basically just get your own massive
playground to yourself whenever you put
them on awesome okay cool but what does
the helicopter do the helicopter has it
own special abilities that allow you to
travel outside of the atmosphere at
super speed does that mean we can
explore space yes you can use the
helicopter to explore space but there's
a catch what's the catch as soon as you
leave the Earth's atmosphere using the
helicopter time will move faster here on
Earth how much faster every hour you
spend in space will be one year on Earth
what a stupid helicopter give me the
pants yeah I'll take the pants so I can
use the alternate reality to go on all
the theme park rides without having to
wait in line if you did that no one
would be there to operate the rid yeah
give me the helicopter Mr Beast I want
to become an awesome Star Wars person

would you rather have this stealth
hoodie or these x-ray sunglasses both
options are good but what do those
sunglasses do these glasses have an
x-ray mode that allows you to see
through pretty much anything awesome I
can use them to look through walls they
also have a night vision mode as well as
being fully customizable so you can
change the glasses to look however you
like nice I could turn them into drippy
designer glasses that can see through
the girls bathroom yes but there's a
catch damn it what is it these glasses
are super fragile meaning if you drop
them or even grab them too hard they
will break forever okay well what does
the hoodie do this hoodie has a stealth
mode that can turn you invisible and
mute any sound that you make cool I
could spy on all the children that's way
more overpowered than x-ray vision shut
up a llama those glasses are drippy as
so if I'm wearing that hoodie I can turn
completely invisible and scream as loud
as I want without ever being noticed yes
but there's a catch of course there is
the hoodie stealth mode only works on
your body so your other clothes won't
turn invisible are you saying we have to
be naked to use it even better yes and
you also can't wash the hoodie or you
will destroy its ability so after a
while it will get super gross I'll take
the hoodie I'll take X-ray glasses over
the stinky hoodie good choices but first
answer this question with

which pill are you taking boys what are
the choices Mr Beast take the red pill
and you will be given insane fighting
ability how insane are we talking here
your skills and lightning fast reaction
time during fights will be so good
you'll be able to take on crowds of
people with ease making you Untouchable
in any fight situation that sounds
awesome you could literally become
Untouchable and use your skills to
Blackmail anybody you want Donald you
should use the power for good not evil
shut up Obama that's lame as Hell Yeah
shush Obama you're such a cringe nerd
stop bullying me guys what about the
blue pill Mr Beast if you take the blue
pill you will be given insane IQ and
immediately become the smartest person
alive that sounds way better I'll take
the blue pill wow Obama of course you
chose the sucky option I'll take the red
pill so I can spend billions of dollars
on a sick ass custom mansion and
literally become Batman can I have the
red pill Mr be sure here you go boys I'm
back mother look at the insane $300
million Batman Mansion I just bought
with my insane wealth jokes on you Big D
I use the blue pills ability to
instantly craft this massive ray gun to
blow up your stupid Mansion don't worry
Donnie I'm here I'm your new sidekick

boys which pill will you choose tell us
what they do take the blue pill and you
will be able to teleport to any person
in the world as soon as you think of
them wait so if I thought of some random
celebrity I would be instantly
teleported to them yes but even if you
accidentally think of someone you will
still be teleported to them it sounds
great I could teleport to all the
children okay what about the red pill Mr
be if you take the red pill you will
immediately be given the ability to
speak to animals whoa that is so
freaking awesome yeah I would love to
talk to a squirrel or something yes take
the red pill and you will be able to
speak to any animal in the world but
this also means you will never be able
to speak any human language again wait
what so if we take the red pill we will
only ever be able to talk to animals yes
you will never be able to understand
real people again wow that's deep both
of these pills Loki suck Mr Beast you
don't have to choose one but if you do I
will give you $1 million each hell yeah
give me that blue pill nerd sure here
you go Big D thanks Mr Beast I'll take
that red pill please I want to talk to
animals I'm good thanks I don't want
either of them 2 hours later oh my God
guys have you seen the news Donnie
accidentally teleported to Kim Jong-un
and was shot on the spot wow rip Trump
2023 guys you got to help me and this
raccoon got beat we can't understand you
Joe

boys are you taking the red pill or the
blue pill what are the options if you
take the red pill you will be given the
ability to breathe underwater while also
not being affected by water pressure
meaning we can swim as deep as we like
yes cool but watch the blue pill option
if you take the blue pill you will be
given the ability to fly a red pill is
way better you could literally become an
underwater God there's a catch seriously
what's the catch the red pill doesn't
affect your swim speed so you will still
be just as slow underwater damn no way
man I'm terrified of the ocean I'll take
the blue pill Obama the nerd can't even
swim red pill sounds way cooler you
would be able to explore the entire
ocean but flying sounds safe I'll take
the blue pill Please Mr Beast ain't no
way I'm getting eaten by a dumb shark or
something give me the blue pill I want
to fly oh my God you guys are so lame
I'll take the red pill Mr Beast sure
here you go boys you idiots look who
just bought an underwater jet pack to
explore the entire ocean damn that's a
smart idea yeah flying is low-key boring
as hell guys have you seen the news what
Donald Trump killed in Pacific Ocean
experts say his jet pack broke due to
water pressure and he was mauled Alive
by a Megalodon damn rip Boza

boys if you beat me at any game of your
choice I will give you $100 million
awesome I'm so winning this challenge
okay but if we win will you also release
us from this prison c yeah it smells in
here yes if you beat me at any game of
your choice I will also set you free
this is so unfair shut up Obama just
because you suck at video games you
freaking bot what happens if we lose
then you'll be trapped in this prison
cell for the rest of your lives oh my
God guys I'm stressed I don't know what
game to pick sucks to be you obviously
I'm choosing Call of Duty I'm so
freaking cracked pretty good at
Minecraft Joe how the hell are you going
to verse Mr Beast in Minecraft it's
Survival game I'll verse him in a build
battle good idea Mr Beast probably sucks
at video games anyway he's such a nerdy
YouTuber guys wait there's a catch oh
God what is it as soon as you choose
your game I will take this mystical
black pill that will immediately give me
similar attributes to you like your
reaction time and IQ okay but you're
still going to suck at the game either
way I will also be given one week to
train and learn the game all while being
coached by one of the top players from
each game well that just made things a
lot harder I choose Minecraft Call of
Duty for me oh God I guess I'll have to
go with fortnite okay boys you have
officially chosen your game there's no
going back now I will see you in a week

Joe you've got about 5 Seconds to get me
a blue prime before I kick you in the
face please don't Barack I can get you
one I just need time now it's 3 seconds
please
Barack don't you dare touch him Barack
where the hell did you come from help me
Don Obama's going to kick my ass hold on
Barack I'm here to pay off his debt
surely this is enough Prime to make you
forgive
Joe oh my God Don where'd you get all
this never you mind that Joe we're
getting out of here wait but this is my
house come on man fine later Joe's lucky
was there to save him guess I can
finally enjoy my blue Prime in
peace what the hell this tastes
awful Don better explain himself cuz
this tastes like sulfur and
coffee yeah what's up what did you do to
the prime Don it tastes awful yeah I
filled them with water and pissed in
them get barck I'm going to kick
both of your asses

could you guys survive these different
disasters probably not if I'm being
honest are you just here to test us the
person who gives the best answer will
receive a $25 million underground
doomsday bunker let's do it Jimmy if you
were caught in a blizzard what would you
do I'd put on all of my coats I got like
30 of them I'd hunker down in a ball in
the snow to conserve heat yeah well I'd
try to find a fallen tree or cave to
make a shelter out of Obama is the most
correct Joe you would overheat and pass
out and Dawn you would freeze in a ball
after you got hypothermia what would you
do in a volcanic eruption easy I'd get
inside my house to avoid getting hit by
rocks that's stupid it's the lava that
kills you Don I'd get up onto the roof
of a building and watch the lava flow
right by me you guys are both dumb I
just get into my car and leave you are
right but that's kind of cheating so don
wins what this is bull crap what about a
nuclear blast I got nothing for this one
I'd go outside and scream at the blast
while I waited to be incinerated do you
even want me to answer this Jimmy no you
can just have the bunker Brock all right
thanks man

boys what's better Coke or Pepsi Coke
obviously that's why it's more popular
no it isn't Pepsi is so much better shut
up Joe Pepsi wants to be Coke so bad it
hurts Coke is way too acidic man I feel
like I'm drinking floor cleaner when I
have it boys you know what this question
Dr Pepper is much better than both of
them oh hell yeah it most certainly is
not Dr Pepper is just coke with a few
extra steps think about it Dr Pepper is
like an upgraded Cherry Coke and it's
way more refreshing agreed Dr Pepper
wins holy both of you always have
the worst opinions L after L what do you
think

boys what's better cats or dogs I know
what Don's going to say and I want to
say he's wrong obviously cats are better
they're cleaner less annoying and way
less needy you're so right man my
favorite thing about having a pet is
having it not interact with me that
didn't sound genuine obviously he's
being sarcastic cats suck for real a dog
will always be there for you whereas a
cat doesn't give a flying crap if you're
there or not as long as you feed it and
pick up its piss clumps that's a lot of
words for cats hate me oh yeah let's see
a cat guard a house have you ever been
scratched by a cat Joe you probably
bleed out if that happened no way you're
acting like a cat is a good guard animal
there's dogs that can fight Bears bro
yeah and there isn't a single house cat
breed that wouldn't get swept by one
well-placed kick nah you all are wrong
what do you think

guys you got to help me what's wrong Joe
an evil alien took over my grandma's
body holy crap Joe take your pills hello
young men who wants cookies she doesn't
sound like an alien to me shut up Barack
it's tricking you would you boys like to
go to the movie theaters today hell yes
we would then here take some money and
go see a movie thank you Nana Biden and
here's some cash for some snacks let
let's go well I'm not going I'm not
falling for the aliens tricks fine we'll
see you later Joe Joe how have your
grades been lately sweetheart they've
been good but I haven't been to school
in 60 years oh that's good you were
always my smartest grandchild okay maybe
you're not an alien I'm going to take
your friend Souls what nothing

boys would you bet your car to win one
million dollars wait which car because
some of mine are worth more than that
one of your cars is chosen at random
what are my odds of winning the money
you got a 50 50 shot at winning doesn't
matter which car hell yeah I'm taking
that deal and I hope it takes my crappy
Chrysler no way bro I got a Rolls Royce
Maybach and a Lambo you think I'm gonna
risk those for a chance at winning chump
change what if I upped it to 10 million
dollars double yes I'm taking that deal
nah Barack your deal doesn't change your
dookie boxes aren't worth it wait
seriously I'm still not taking the deal
how is 10 mil supposed to make up for
the years of skid mark build up I made
on the seeds you what

gentlemen if you're eating a burger and
you can have any side dish you want what
would it be can I do another Burger bro
who the fuck has a second Burger as
their side pick something normal I'm
going with mac and cheese it's literally
the best side for everything are you
kidding if we're talking real sides
fries is the only right answer I don't
know I also think potatoes make for the
best sides but I think I got to go with
mashed potatoes you can't be serious do
you at least put some gravy or corn in
it nope just salt black pepper and
butter you're only saying that because
mashed potatoes are the only thing your
dentures can handle shut up Don I eat
fries all the time well Joe's out
obviously so who wins Don I think it's
got to depend if it's from a restaurant
I'm going with fries but if we're
talking homemade
agreed and mashed potatoes are made as
full agreed thank you guys

I have $10 million up for grabs and all
you have to do is answer one simple
question let's go this is going to be
easy damn it I didn't study for this
what's the question what came first the
chicken or the egg damn this is tough
Jimmy I thought this question was
unanswerable yeah maybe for an idiot
each of you must answer the question
then at the end I'll give 10 million to
each person to get it right okay well I
have to say it's the egg the chicken had
to have grown from one yeah but that
means it has to be the chicken cuz there
has to be a chicken to lay the egg you
guys are both wrong okay then what's the
answer Joe the hell if I know Don
actually Don is right if genetic
mutation theory is indeed true then
whatever egg containing the mutation
that would lead to chickens existing
would be the thing that came first
fraking nerd unfortunately Ben is right
that means Don gets the money let's go
wait what do I win you win nothing Ben
you weren't a part of this dang it h
fuck you Ben

guys I got a new dog today nice Obama
have you guys ever put peanut butter on
your can you get that Barack Joe and I
are in a smash game yeah I got it hello
do not speak or respond to me in any way
you have exactly 1 minute to convince
another person to take the phone from
you otherwise it will blow up pretend
you're talking to your grandma okay gam
gam I'll get you your pills tomorrow
sounds like Barack got a call from his
grandma good now your minute has started
either of you guys want to say hi to my
grandma n man I'm in a game me too she
really really wants to talk to one of
you just tell her we said hi Joe she
said that if you talk to her she'll make
you a tub of homemade vanilla ice cream
wait really let's go give me a sec thank
God hello this is not Obama's grandma
you now have 1 minute to convince Trump
to take the phone or the phone will blow
up do not try to put the phone down or
alert anyone or I will blow it up
immediately oh I get it it's like the
squid game thing no joke

welcome to the mall boys the happiest
place in the world especially the food
court hey Don screw you what do you got
for us today Jimmy I'm going to give you
guys 60 seconds to pick any one item in
this entire Mall which I will buy for
you sweet when I say go you have to run
and find something in the store come
back to this spot and tell me if you
don't make it back in 60 seconds you get
nothing what are you going to do Joe
Victoria's Secret is on the opposite
side of the mall jok's on you bro I look
fire and lingerie you can begin nowlet's do this 1 minute later it looks
like only Obama and Trump made it back
let's go what did you pick Barack I went
with a new Rolex watch what about you I
went to the food court and found a
special edition $10,000 gift card for
McDonald's okay boys let's go get your
prizes thanks again Jimmy man I wonder
where Joe
is guys hello is anyone
there

okay boys who's ready to win another
million what do we have to do this time
Jimmy this is going to be good today
we're doing random trivia let's go
here's how it works I ask you a question
if you get it wrong you're out let's
start with Barack let's hear it what is
the hottest planet in the solar system
damn thank God Barack got this one easy
it's Venus correct that was way too easy
now we'll move on to Donald this better
be easy what is the DC and DC Comics
stand for oh come on I know this one
Detective Comics that's correct you move
on to the next round my turn Jimmy
settle down Joe my bad all right Joe
what does a meteorologist study meteors
obviously it's in the name no way you
just said that Joe I'm sorry Joe but
that is incorrect they study weather and
climate patterns that means you're
eliminated damn it shut up Don
there's no way you would have got that
I'll see you boys tomorrow for round two

all right you smelly Apes Mr Beast needs
more content out of us so he's back
again today still sponsored by the Elder
gods that protect us all you all did a
good job donating to the blood altar so
who would like to be rewarded first I
would love to receive a reward all right
Mark you can leave with one million
dollars right now or press this mystery
button instead I'm a man of mystery
myself so I'll take the button
congratulations you just won the
All-Seeing Eye of azathoth awesome now I
can watch Joe while he sleeps excuse me
all right move it I'm going next all
right Donald I don't need a million
dollars just give me the button
oh ooh looks like the Elder Gods didn't
appreciate your behavior because you
just won the pharaoh's curse what the
hell is the pharaoh's curtain

hey guys I've got a very fun game for
you all today okay what's the game would
you rather have this briefcase filled
with one million dollars or this mystery
crate with a random exotic animal you
can't get anywhere else as long as it's
not Trump in that crate I'll take it
you're hilarious all right Obama you
just won yourself the world's greatest
guard dog a grizzly bear how the hell
did you get a grizzly bear I gave it a
million salmon hey Jimmy could I have a
go sure Joe now would you like a million
dollars or take your own shot at the
mystery I'd love a new puppy please all
right Joe now this may not be a puppy
but I'm sure it can give just as much
love as any it's a velociraptor ah what
the hell that's a weird looking dog
Jimmy how do you even have that they
died millions of years ago I'm making a
drinks I think I'm all right not having
a murder machine as a pet

new battle boys who wins Master Chief or
Doom guy whoa this is a hard one is it a
1v1 nah I feel like that's not fair for
Master Chief considering he's a military
leader so what it's one Doom Guy versus
an army yeah both of them get all of
their tools and master chief gets a
small Squad of other Spartans Doom guy
crushes regardless yeah I gotta agree
Spartans are strong as and have a
ton of crazy Aztec but doomguy is
literally on a different plane how about
this the entire UNSC Army isn't that
like billions of soldiers yeah bro Doom
guy is a super Soldier built to
slaughter demons and he's basically
Immortal yeah you're right doomguy wins
but this matchup was pretty trash my bad
guys I was going to do Patrick Star vs
doomguy but I feel like all we do is
SpongeBob

boys I just started a cryptocurrency
it's time to get rich Let's Go Don
what's it called I call it dun coin
that's a pretty cool name thanks bro I
save some for both of you to buy then
I'm going to go to school and get
everyone in as well okay I just bought
$100,000 of coins yeah me too we're
going to get so rich guys yeah we
definitely are all right guys I got to
go uh get some coffee or something I'll
see you later later so then I told her
what the hell what's wrong Barack are
you kidding me Don sold his entire stock
of dun coin and now the price is down
99% it's worthless that fat piece of
crap hustled us I'm not going to let him
get away with this I've got the perfect
person to help us fix this who are you
calling hey bro I need a favor from you
who's it this time Brock it's Don he
scammed us I just sent him to the realm
of the punished Don must now push a
boulder to the top of an impossible Hill
for the rest of Eternity

I have a button for you guys to hit what
does it do if you hit it you will get a
random mutation oh crap where's the good
part the mutation has an equal chance to
be good or bad so we could get a
superpower yes if you're lucky let me
hit that
Jimmy what did I get the button says
your muscles have mutated to be 500%
stronger you should be able to easily
lift 500 lb
now let's go I want to go next Jimmy hit
the button
Joe oh wow it looks like your cells have
mutated back to the stage they were as a
kid you'll now be able to live another
70 years holy crap no way my turn now do
it
Barack oh wow that is very interesting
wait what did I get

if you can guess the price you can keep
the prize damn this sounds sick we'll
start with this Rolex Daytona ten
thousand dollars are you kidding it's a
Rolex it's probably worth 10 million
dollars what it's a Rolex not the Holy
Grail twenty thousand dollars Dunn's
right it's about twenty one thousand
dollars here you go let's go next we
have this one kilogram Swiss gold bar
probably 20 billion dollars oh my God
you're stupid 86 209 give or take a few
hundred well you're exactly right Barack
congrats hell yeah finally we have one
gram of black hole matter one million
dollars nope it's 100 trillion dollars
are you even trying Joe seriously man
you are so incredible actually he's
right congrats Joe you now have the
power to summon a black hole capable of
inhaling our solar system what thank you
Jimmy

Guess The Video Game based on a bad
description what brought this on I
recently just got a new pc now who would
like to start us off I got this one
Rebel Son fights Gods and Monsters so he
can leave his room is it Binding of
Isaac nope it's got to be Hades right
correct wow Donald you were outdone by a
senile old man how does that make you
feel hilarious can we just do the next
one all right I got it child falls
through his house and fights Satan
because of mommy issues oh that one is
Hades again Christ Joe how did you get
that wrong that one was Binding of Isaac
you Relic are you serious well this
could have been fun but I suppose Joe
has to overshadow everything with his
stupidity Trump got one wrong too why
isn't he being slandered he's like the
Eric Cartman of you all you guys already
slander him for being built like a water
balloon piss off

if you can guess the animal I'll give
you a random Jewel how do we play I'm
gonna give you one weird animal trait
and you gotta Guess the Animal let's do
this first this aquatic animal can
regenerate its heart and brain mongooses
he said aquatic sorry mongies damn
you're stupid it's the Axolotl you're
right Barack here's a 20 carat sapphire
worth 400 000 let's go next this animal
is the only known mammal to lay eggs
platypus that's easy are you kidding
that's the easiest question ever really
Joe you guessed Mongoose as an aquatic
animal sounds correct so he wins this
pound of quartz let's go
it's worth twenty dollars bruh what
really
Stone last time
I can see everything

boys who wins Goku or doomslayer are you
kidding Goku is League's above Doom
Slayer I don't know man Doom Slayer
destroyed all of Hell doesn't matter
Goku has like 30 different forms and
most of them are leagues above Doom
Slayer I don't know about that Barack I
haven't watched one piece I know for a
fact the doomslayer is powerful as hell
literally what exactly doomslayer hasn't
shown his Feats as much as Goku has but
I do know that he's so powerful that he
Nerfs his own strength and punching with
guns yeah plus he can't die that's not
true I've played doom and trust me he
can die not according to the lore
doesn't matter Goku solos without even
using a fraction of his power wrong what
do you think

Yo Joe you want a burrito I just stopped
at Taco Bell not in a million years
burritos are terrible excuse me do your
taste buds also have dementia I don't
know Donald I think he's right about
that one they're definitely a c tier at
most what the hell where did you come
from where there are tier lists there
are tiar Gods amen all right then what's
your favorite Easley Burgers they have
the best flavor mouth feel and variety
easy s tier I agree you can't go wrong
with a good burger hey Charlie I got
your text I heard a tier list is going
on yeah a food category tier list like
burgers fries chicken and whatnot oh
then put piz in a tier arguably has the
highest topping selection I can agree to
that all right then I'd like to put
tacos in F tier I just hate them you're
actually psychotic for thinking that
yeah no more opinions out of you wow
okay screw you guys then we'll see what
the comments have to say about this
instead a real F tier is ice cream it's
boring as hell and hurts my head what
that is the dumbest thing I've ever
heard

this video shows the size of every major
explosion including nukes damn let's go
the firecracker and grenade were weak I
could easily survive both oh yeah let's
put that to the test Joe I always
thought Napalm bombs were bigger
okay here we go now we're getting to the
real stuff who comes up with these names
for bombs tall boy little boy fat man
why not something like the decimator or
something cool makes them seem less
scary I guess now we should be on to
nuclear okay I feel like if we have to
go multiple miles out to properly see a
bombs blast it's too big if you think
these are too big get ready bro damn I
didn't realize how much bigger fat man
was than little boy I mean it is in the
name okay get ready guys they're going
to show the Tsar Bomba soon this is
gonna be sick
here it comes boys

boys would you escape the back rooms for
$10 million in a double length life what
like the game exactly except this time
you'll be put in the game for real and
you'll have 10 lives to escape before
you're trapped there forever what
happens if I lose all my lives once
you're out of lives you you're stuck
there and if you die again you die for
real oh crap which levels do I have to
get through in this one you only have to
complete the main levels easy the
challenge starts in the lobby and ends
after theophobia with 17 levels in total
I'm definitely not taking this deal yeah
me neither you guys are babies I've beat
escaped back rooms four times and I'm
sure I could beat this if you say so
don what the heck happened to Dawn he's
winning his prize now

boys who has the better Universe Marvel
or DC can I pick Image Comics No in that
case I have to go with Marvel their
catalog is just far too big for DC to
beat them I gotta disagree DC movies are
simply better sorry to tell you Don but
the majority of the planet would
disagree with that for real Marvel has
four of the top 10 highest grossing
films of all time flashy lights and
pandering doesn't make them the best
quality wise The Dark Knight alone beats
every movie that Marvel has now and will
ever have dark knight was insanely good
but I think you're forgetting about
Deadpool that movie just annoyed me I
had enough of Ryan Reynolds after
waiting what about Logan that is an
objectively good movie you're right I
forgot about Logan exactly it's
definitely not as good as Dark Knight
but it's got to count for something
you're right Marvel wins then let's go
I'll be honest The Dark Knight trilogy
was the only thing I liked from DC
everything else sucks

boys who do you think makes the best
fast food fries I already know what
Don's answer is yes Shake Shack wait
really no McDonald's has objectively the
best fast food fries no debate
McDonald's fries are their only edible
food other than the McFlurry five guys
have the best fries by far they're fresh
tasty and you get like a pound of them
I'll Take Five Guys over McDonald's any
day but the best fast food fry has to go
to Arby's are you telling me you
actually eat at Arby's yeah when I want
fries I don't touch the mess of the
sandwiches they make surely we can't
give this prestigious award to Arby's of
all places agreed I'll side with Joe if
you're going to say that Barack
fine then I picked Chick-fil-A that's
better still wrong but better what's
your pick

boys who makes the best fast food
hamburger if you don't say Big Mac
you're wrong the Big Mac is cheap trash
like everything that comes out of
McDonald's yeah more like big crap am I
right Barack that was weak obviously the
best fast food hamburger is the
Baconator nah the Whopper is much better
it has basically every topping plus the
Baconator is super unhealthy I don't eat
a burger for health Joe how can you talk
on McDonald's then five seconds
later say you like Burger King because
Burger King is the best at Making
burgers you know what they call a
quarter pounder with cheese in Paris
Royale with cheese I've seen the movie
what are you two talking about you know
what doesn't matter everyone knows
Wendy's is the best and the Baconator is
the best fast food Burger now hold on
let's ask the people what do you think
and you better not say Burger King

I'm back from my vacation boys who's
ready to win some prizes what do we get
today Jimmy you guys get to choose
between two prizes five hundred thousand
dollars or a mystery prize please don't
tell me we have to share this one you
don't in that case I will take the cash
I need more money for coffee
I gotta go with the money too there's
few things you could give me that would
top 500k here you go boys what will you
be taking Trump are you kidding 500 000
for me is like dumping a cup of water
into a lake I want to see what the
mystery prize is are you sure yes let's
do this here's your prize
wow that's sick damn I should have
picked the prize congratulations Don
you've won the Peter copter it's in
perfect condition and it's Priceless
this is the best gift I've ever gotten
thanks a lot Jimmy

boys if you hit this button racism will
cease to exist let's go we got to press
it boys but I like saying racist jokes
does that mean they'll all be gone yes I
can't do it Don you fat racist piece of
crap I'm hitting the button good job
Brock now we need either Don or Joe to
hit it as well my arm is really sore so
I can't reach it Joe I'm going to kick
your ass Barack think about it sure all
the bad stuff about racism would be gone
but if I hit the button tons of the
greatest comedians ever will have never
existed what are you kidding I don't
care about that comedy itself May cease
to exist Barack exactly I hate you both
it looks like the button will not be
pressed Barack Don I'll give you $1
million you can't buy me with chump
change Obama yeah me Nei I'll give you a
lifetime supply of ice cream Joe done

boys today you'll be eating hot dogs but
I just ate shut up Joe as I was saying
whoever eats the most hot dogs wins a
new hot dog car what the hell I don't
want that yeah well I do that looks sick
did I mention that there's also 100 000
in the lining of the hot dog car even
better oh hell yeah let's do this you
guys are going down you each have 50 hot
dogs and you can start now
it's time boys
I'm gonna be shipping bricks tomorrow
Donald wins with 48 hot dogs let's go
wait a second my friend what if I told
you I actually switched my hot dogs with
yours before eating what yeah that means
I win because donate mine and not his I
only ate three that's not how this works
Joe shoot dumbass

good evening class today Mr Beast is
making a video for our school and he's
sponsored by Cthulhu so behave well by
who hey guys could someone please come
up to the front sure but why right here
I've got a million dollars for you or
would you like to press this mystery
button instead oh I'll take the button
congratulations you just won one year of
safety from the cosmic Horrors that
always watch us I missed out on a
million for this all right who wants to
go next I'd love to go all right you
know the deal button or one million
obviously the button come on now
congratulations Obama you just won a
one-year trip to the world of Berserk um
I'd like to donate my gift to Joe I
don't know what berserk is but I'd love
a free vacation thanks Obama Anything
For You Joe sorry to cut this short guys
but I just learned that you all haven't
sacrificed enough blood at the school
altar we had something like that in
school don't worry Jimmy I'll make sure
they donate plenty next time

the first person to learn a new language
fluently wins a Rolex plus I'll throw in
ten thousand dollars let's go you guys
are going down Obama one rule for you
you can't pick Indonesian since you're
already pretty good at it damn I was
gonna cheese this let's go I'm choosing
Spanish good luck boys I'll check back
in a couple of weeks two weeks later how
are you guys doing well done Obama
you're right on track check my German
Outfield miroma MC oh wow nice I'm gonna
assume that was right how are you doing
Joe
solitario
de la lingua
it is
I wanted to learn Spanish how on Earth
did this Neanderthal win

the last person to leave the room with
Mark Zuckerberg wins $1 million oh what
damn this is probably the hardest
challenge you've ever given us all of
you can step foot in this padded room
the door will be closed and the three of
you will be placed in the room with only
Zuckerberg to keep you company can I
just hit him until he's unconscious no
you cannot touch Mark and you have to
respond to what he says positively if
you talk to each other you have to
include Mark in the conversation damn it
let's do this hey guys I love that we
can all be together like this nope I'm
out looks like Don has quit already so
Mark what do you want to talk about if
you guys had to guess how many pizza
slices you've eaten in your life what
would you guess I would have to say at
least 10 holy crap this is going to be
painful two hours later how's everyone
doing so far you have to let me out of
this Jimmy if I have to stay in a room
with Joe for one more minute I'm going
to rip my eyes out and use them to plug
my ears have you guys ever been Phantom
tax before Obama went insane and hasn't
moved for 2
hours damn Joe looks like you won the
money

boys who wins Kratos or doomslayer see
this one is much better than pitting
Doom Slayer against Master Chief first
of all I already said that so fuck you
and second I feel like Doom Slayer will
still win I don't know Joe Kratos has
done some pretty crazy stuff kratos's
Feats are crazier considering he
destroyed the entire Greek pantheon but
I feel like Doom Slayer has the upper
hand I think it would depend on the
fight what do you mean barack's right if
it was pure hand to hand I don't think
doomslayer stands a chance but in a
natural fully equipped fight he would
wipe the floor with Kratos bro if Kratos
can get the upper hand he wins none of
the demons in Doom compare to the gods
and God of War I'm siding with Kratos
but that's fuck Barack davoth is
definitely on par with the Greek and
Norse gods boys I think this one's too
balanced to make a decision you know
what you're right agreed what do you
think

boys who wins in a three-way standoff
John Wick James Bond or Jason Bourne
first of all get rid of Jason Bourne
yeah he's basically superhuman he'd
smack the other two fine John Wick
versus James Bond who wins are they
hunting each other or fist fighting
we'll do both in that case I would say
John wins in a 1v1 battle but James Bond
would realistically get the jump on him
agreed his gadgets are way too op for
John dude literally has the entire
British military budget at his disposal
I don't know John could definitely take
him in a hunt did you forget John would
have died if it wasn't for that one dude
you know the guy who looks like the
goblin are you talking about Willem
Dafoe because he did play a goblin you
better not be talking fuck about my
beautiful Willem nah bro he looks weird
as fuck that was very mean Joe my
feelings are hurt very greatly nice
going big head fuck I feel bad now

big MC thanes from mcspankies what can I
get for you no way Joe is that you what
the hell are you doing here I got to be
honest guys I stopped doing president
work so they stopped paying me so you
got a second job instead of doing your
first job exactly you get it bro you got
to get us some free burgers come on Joe
do it guys I can't my manager will fire
me come on bro be a good friend and get
us free food fine here's a couple Big
Mac combos on the house now get out of
here before I get fired thanks
man Joe what are you doing did you just
give the customer free food no you know
that's stealing right I said I didn't
bend Joe I have you on camera giving
them free food and not charging okay
fine I did please don't fire me no Joe
you're mistaken you aren't fired but you
do have to answer to the district
manager oh

M ice cream so good num nom nom ice
cream so good gang gang gang gang yes
yes what are you doing Joe M Cherry
fruity yummy Cherry is so good Joe stop
trying Don he's been doing this for an
hour and he won't respond to me gang
gang yes yes ice cream so good gang gang
Joe stop doing that he's not going to
answer you Don let's see him ignore
this what the hell Don did you throw a
rock at me no it was a brick what the
hell are you doing I'm making money bro
what does it look like it's called NPC
streaming people are paying you to act
like a bot no way that's worth the money
I make $5,000 a day in
donations n ice cre I cre so good ice
cream so good

Joe I'm going to smack you into the
fourth dimension no please don't what's
the matter Barack I just checked my
Black Ops 3 Zombies special edition
Juggernog mini mini fridge and my last
Prime energy is missing stop accusing me
of taking your stuff just go out to the
store and get some monster Prime is
trash no I want my Prime and I know this
fossilized took it no I didn't
Barack I can't believe you if you have
no proof Barack
what the hell is that noise
I think Joe's drinking something I'm
home from work Joe hi Jelly Bean you
ready for our date to the foot dungeon I
think he forgot to mute his mic
what are you drinking it's a blue Prime
I stole it from Barack what a dumbass
right I'm going over to kick his ass oh
shoot
you didn't hear any of that right
Obama's heading to your house good luck
bro
let me in you piece of crap oh no

oh my God guys you won't believe what
happened to me last night what Joe this
is going to be something stupid I just
know it I got abducted by aliens last
night checks out did they probe you why
is that the first thing you want to know
don't worry they were chill as they
showed me alien water and I brought them
some snacks and from Walmart that
sounds crazy Joe then we played a few
games of unglock 3 which is like a mix
between Call of Duty and for Honor but
with aliens are you sure you weren't
just dreaming Joe no because after I
left they gave me this
an ice cream cone what's so special
about that this one's magic or something
because it never gets cold and never
shrinks so it's infinite yep it also
matches the flavor to whatever you feel
like eating at the time that's actually
crazy Joe we have to figure out this
technology so we can replicate it agreed
this is probably the most Innovative
piece of technology to ever be
discovered let's get to work boys

it's time to get dark boys how do you
think the world is going to end I gotta
say a pandemic that's the one that
scares me the most I wonder why I gotta
go with the nuclear war Russia and the
U.S have enough bombs to wipe out half
the planet plus the Fallout would
probably make most of the planet
uninhabitable that one seems pretty
plausible Don especially if we keep
these old out of touch farts in
government wait what what
ignoring Joe's self-disc I gotta go with
an asteroid a pandemic and nukes are
enough to wipe out Humanity but an
asteroid that's big and fast enough can
destroy the entire planet never mind
Obama you're right don't we have
technology to detect those to detect
them yeah not to deflect them exactly
even if we know it's coming all it'll do
is let us know how much time damn you're
right

how many beans are in this glass jar
what do we win if we get it right yeah
man I want a new pair of Yeezys this
time it's not about what you have to win
but what you have to lose what the hell
does that mean guess the beans boys I'm
going to say 10 beans what there's at
least 1 thousand Joe that was such a bad
answer I have to give you the worst
prize let's go I got a prize do you get
10 years in the snake pit of sadness
wait is Joe sad or are the snakes both
it's the pit of sadness oh who's next
I'll go next Jimmy I got to say it's
25,000 beans ooh not a bad guess but
you're still wrong Don oh crap now you
have to watch the Five Nights at
Freddy's movie 87 times in a row with
the Clockwork Orange machine
no now it's your turn Barack I didn't
want to tell Joe or Don but I know the
answer it's
2,148 beans holy crap you're exactly
right Barack let's go wait what's my
price uh I didn't really plan for this
here's $10 I guess that was the easiest
money I've ever made

hey have you guys watched the new One
Piece episode gear five finally came out
yeah it was insane the animation was
just completely something else that
fight right there really just shows
exactly why Luffy shoots on Naruto oh
the hell did I just hear you're crazy
delusional if you really think Luffy
beats Naruto ever heard of Tune Force
it's tuned for saying shoot man it's got
limits even then it doesn't do much bro
he literally
properties of matter
yeah he turned the ground into rubber
who cares Naruto is planetary and Luffy
barely stretches to multi-continental
man those don't matter when tune forces
involved Luffy is probably at least Star
level now nah you guys are actually
acting more senile than me all right how
about we let the comments decide I'm
sure there's some math nerd out there
with the answers what do you think

boys would you solve world hunger if it
meant you had what do you mean no he
didn't even say the catch if it meant
you had to lose all four of your limbs
entirely like I said no I gotta say no
too how the hell am I supposed to defend
myself with no limbs that's a you
problem bro if I had no arms and legs
I'd still kick both of your asses cap
then why would you not do it for real he
said world hunger meaning the entire
world thank you for the English lesson
Barack I'm not solving world hunger if
it means I have to lose something okay
what about this would you solve world
hunger for one dollar nope oh come on
bro that means I lose a dollar and gain
nothing plus I'm never hungry so why
would I care no way you're this selfish
think of it Don
if you solve hunger that means more
people to go to your casinos hotels and
other crap that also means more mone
more money deal you can have my limbs I
don't think I'd take that deal unless it
came with someone to hold my cone for me
of course

okay class as you all know today we will
be having our annual potluck to finish
off the year let's go I love potluck day
me too because this is the only day Don
isn't an that is very fair and
very true see if this weren't potluck
day he would have clapped back with an
insult what did you guys bring I brought
a cooler filled with enough Dippin Dots
to feed a herd of elephants I brought an
entire suckling pig let's go I bought
enough McDonald's for everyone in the
class to have two burgers some chicken
nuggets and fries wait really that's
awesome okay class let's get started
hello everyone
this Windsor good afternoon everyone at
the order of the board I would like to
request that this be a healthy food only
potluck wait what does that mean because
none of our food is healthy it means not
sharing unhealthy food you heard her
class those of you who didn't bring
healthy food must not share it with
others well this sucks you should be
thankful Don you've got three weeks
worth of McDonald's all to yourself
thank you Joe

all right class today we will all be
deciding where to go for our annual
class field trip I say we go apple
picking I had a blast last time you were
the only one Joe next idea I say we go
to the aquarium last time we went they
had a shark and a tank of small fish to
touch I would like to take another trip
to the University campus for some guest
lectures yeah you have fun going there
alone Ben you just shut down everything
we say Don and that's not me agreeing
with Ben's stinky ass nerd idea that's
because they're all terrible the only
right answer is the arcade hell yeah I'd
love to go back to the arcade Don this
is the only time you'll ever hear me say
this but I agree before the aquarium and
The Fish let's go gaming so everyone's
in agreement fine if I have to spend
another four hours filling the DDR
record list so be it has everyone come
to a unanimous decision yes we decided
we want to go to the arcade hell yeah
let's go boys
unfortunately that won't work Donald got
our school band when he broke all three
of the motorcycle games my bad guys I
swear I was absolutely certain that one
of them would be able to hold me

all right boys I got some viewers to
trade I'll give you my fruit cup no Don
I'll give you my Oreos you know what Joe
you've got yourself hold on Joseph I
will give you something way better for
your Oreos better than bugles indeed I
will give you one of my new rocket ships
no way how the heck am I supposed to eat
a rocket ship are you kidding Joe take
the deal but I'm hungry right now think
of the things we can do with a rocket
ship Joe I don't care I want the bugles
fine goodbye gentlemen I'm sorry you're
friends with such a neanderthal a
neander what no way you just turned down
that deal Joe I don't care I'm happy
with my decision

what do you think is better Playstation
or Xbox definitely PlayStation hell no
Xbox offers way more deals and their
consoles are just as powerful who cares
Joe the only thing that matters is
exclusives not really Barack if that was
the case then the switch would be the
best console and that thing is less than
half as powerful as my phone exactly
PlayStation's still better hold on boys
can we all agree that PC gaming is the
worst that's basis Don I hate PCS wait
why because if there's an issue with my
game on PC I'm expected to program an
entire new game to fix it but on
consoles you can just hit the rebuild
database button damn you guys are right
who cares that PlayStation is 10 times
better than Xbox because PC is 10 times
shittier than both of them

Joe I need your help with a video can
you take the camera oh who what uh sure
all right is it rolling yeah you're good
all right guys welcome back to the
greatest president's Channel today we'll
be paying a random universe
whoa seriously Donald that's so kind of
you quiet Joe the cameraman doesn't talk
oh right sorry all right well let's go
find our lucky student you there I've
got a question for you how much is your
University tuition about eighty thousand
dollars total why do you want to know
because today we will be Donald why is
Markiplier here we both know he's out of
University uh no reason maybe he wanted
to just enroll again yeah I love
knowledge Jesus Christ man is this
another fake video what Joe I would
never no man screw you you can find
another lab rat to record your scams
instead so am I still getting paid for
this uh fine

guys you got to hear this funny joke I
heard let's hear it this better be funny
which is faster hot or cold well
technically it would be hot because the
molecules are vibrating at a shut up
nerd no it's cold because you can't
catch a hot that's quite clever but
listen to this a here we go why do
mathematicians always carry a pencil and
paper in the desert uh why because you
never know when you'll come across a
sand function that needs to be
integrated using calculus and it's best
to be prepared with a proof in the shade
I don't get it wow that has to be the
worst joke I've ever heard wait check
this one out it's safe for work and
really funny let's see what you you got
Joe uh I forgot that's very surprising
okay well I got one and it's pretty
messed up where' the little girl who
stepped on a mine go we don't know where
there and there and there and over there

previously with the presidents
what are you drinking it's a blue Prime
I stole it from Barack what a dumbass
right I'm going over to kick his ass
let me in Joe or I'm breaking the door
oh crap I hope he doesn't know the door
is unlocked you know I can hear you
right guys what's happening someone fill
me in wait hold on Brock I'm coming out
no I'm coming in no way Barack don't
come over what the hell
Joe there's like a mountain of Prime in
here already why do you steal mine
because I ran out of the blue one are
you kidding now I'm really gonna kick
your ass

boys I was up all night finishing my new
video game idea same bro I pulled an
all-nighter last night you guys are
Chumps took me 30 minutes to write up
mine let's see what you all got hi I'm
John gaming inventor and CEO of video
games I heard you gentlemen have some
games to pitch me yes sir listen to this
I call it washroom cleaner simulator I'd
play that yeah you can choose the
difficulty from Penthouse ensuite to
truck stop bathroom that is disgusting
and I hate it next game listen to this I
call it Call of Duty bro what yeah it's
a direct parody of Call of Duty but
everything is poop related are all of
your ideas centered around poop not mine
listen to this you play a game where
you're stuck in an abandoned breakfast
restaurant during the day and have to
survive while breakfast aliens hunt you
what do you call it 10 days at Denny's
are you kidding me that's literally just
a rip-off I love it you're hired let's
go

hello everyone I've decided to take
everyone on some dream vacations oh I'd
love to visit Germany best food in the
world there sorry Donald but that's not
how I'm doing things
with some random slips of paper for you
to choose from each with a place you
could never visit until today like the
moon wait seriously or if you're boring
you can take this one million dollars
screw that give me a slip of paper well
congratulations Donald you won yourself
a vacation to the Amazon jungle wait
what that's terrible uh I never said
they would all be great hey Jimmy bear
could me and my bestie James here have a
trip um sure take a slip I hope it's a
trip to La well it's not LA but it's the
next best thing you both want a trip to
the lost city of Atlanta oh my goodness
gracious that will be such a Vibe hey
Jimmy do you think you want a trip to
Detroit huh no I was just going to ask
for them stop pestering and go to
Detroit whatever man screw your giveaway

holy crap boys that bank robbery went
perfectly what's our payout minus the
five percent cut for Lester we're each
walking away with two million dollars
let's go it would be very unfortunate if
they arrested us at a later date using
the CCTV footage around the bank run
week later damn it that's exactly what
happened you gentlemen have officially
been found guilty of bank robbery I
sentence you to 10 years at Guantanamo
Bay we won't make it there we just won't
make it maybe you should have thought of
that before you pulled off one of the
largest heists America has seen can't
argue with that first when you get there
they'll make you swap your clothes from
your comfy civilian clothes to a clown
suit so you look really stupid I feel
like that constitutes unusual punishment
then they send you to the ball pit of
sadness a ball pit with only a single
ball now that's just cruel finally for
dinner they serve you toaster strudel
that doesn't sound too bad but they
won't give you any icing
oh

you boys ready for what I have in store
for you today wait a second Jimmy we've
got something different planned oh
really yeah man we got some special
gifts for you you're going to love them
what's this for since you've been
hanging out with us and giving us free
crap for ages we figured we'd return the
favor yeah man honestly I feel guilty
not getting you anything me too
especially since you gave me the
mindstone and a piece of a black hole
wow I'm totally game let's see what you
guys got I got you a goat life pass for
my new six-star resort I'm putting up in
Panama wow that sounds amazing Don
thanks yeah and I got you this NASA SPAC
so you can start going to the moon for
your videos you know since you already
went to Antarctica holy crap Barack I've
been trying to get one of these for ages
and I built you an amusement park called
creamland it's like notot Berry Farm if
it was notot dairy farm oh my God Joe I
don't know what to say you don't need to
say anything bro yeah man you've done so
much for us so this is really nothing we
love you Jimmy I love you too guys I
hope we can always stay friends to good
days ahead the good days ahead

you boys ready for what I have in store
for you today wait a second Jimmy we've
got something different planned oh
really yeah man we got some special
gifts for you you're going to love them
what's this for since you've been
hanging out with us and giving us free
crap for ages we figured we'd return the
favor yeah man honestly I feel guilty
not getting you anything me too
especially since you gave me the
mindstone and a piece of a black hole
wow I'm totally game let's see what you
guys got I got you a goat life pass for
my new six-star resort I'm putting up in
Panama wow that sounds amazing Don
thanks yeah and I got you this NASA SPAC
so you can start going to the moon for
your videos you know since you already
went to Antarctica holy crap Barack I've
been trying to get one of these for ages
and I built you an amusement park called
creamland it's like notot Berry Farm if
it was notot dairy farm oh my God Joe I
don't know what to say you don't need to
say anything bro yeah man you've done so
much for us so this is really nothing we
love you Jimmy I love you too guys I
hope we can always stay friends to good
days ahead the good days ahead

I have something special for you idiots
today what like a prize better free
money a Ben in Jerry's franchise nope I
have an experiment to do on you let me
demonstrate what the
hell he hit a button Joe you're speaking
Indonesian now now it's your turn Barack
no please Jimmy don't do it oh my godak
oh damn Obama's speaking
Hindi I have no clue what you you guys
are saying Best For Last I guess here we
go
don let me just say you're welcome
guys

guys who wins in a one-on-one Death
Match Voldemort or Darth Vader are you
kidding me Darth Vader Stomps valdi
easily there is literally zero
competition yeah at most Voldemort could
mess with Vader's head a bit but even
then I feel like Vader is strong enough
to resist it I don't know I feel like
Voldemort could maybe win no way bro let
me balance it a bit Voldemort versus
General Grievous in that case I have to
give it to He Who Shall Not Be Named he
has way more options than Grievous true
but Grievous is incredibly skilled with
lightsabers and is pretty stealthy when
he wants to be yeah but Voldemort can
use the killing curse summon fire and
use reducto to turn Grievous body into
dust plus he can fly wait then how can
he not beat Vader because we can't
assume his spells would be as effective
against a super powerful force user and
considering you can dodge basically
every spell I'm sure he'll have no
problem avoiding them exactly what do
you think

guys a bomb is strapped in my chest and
it's going to explode in 60 seconds stop
joking Joe no I'm being serious look
holy crap Joe's got a bomb on him how
the hell did that happen I was messing
around in Area 51 and I put on what I
thought was a really cool girdle you're
such an idiot what are you going to do
Joe good thing I took that $10,000
presidential class on rudimentary bomb
diffusal Joe I'm pretty sure that wasn't
real yeah man I had an offer for one of
those when I was in office and the dude
literally kept telling me to always cut
the blue wire so if I remember correctly
it says to always cut the blue wire I'm
going to do it no wait a second Joe win

guys who wins in a one-on-one Death
Match Voldemort or Darth Vader are you
kidding me Darth Vader Stomps valdi
easily there is literally zero
competition yeah at most Voldemort could
mess with Vader's head a bit but even
then I feel like Vader is strong enough
to resist it I don't know I feel like
Voldemort could maybe win no way bro let
me balance it a bit Voldemort versus
General Grievous in that case I have to
give it to He Who Shall Not Be Named he
has way more options than Grievous true
but Grievous is incredibly skilled with
lightsabers and is pretty stealthy when
he wants to be yeah but Voldemort can
use the killing curse summon fire and
use reducto to turn Grievous body into
dust plus he can fly wait then how can
he not beat Vader because we can't
assume his spells would be as effective
against a super powerful force user and
considering you can dodge basically
every spell I'm sure he'll have no
problem avoiding them exactly what do
you think

all right boys we finally perfected our
greatest invention the edible chair I
hope this deal goes well guys I could
really use the money we got this let's
head in
good evening gentlemen I hear you have
something very impressive to show me yes
sir we do but first have you ever gone
camping before and wondered what the
heck you're gonna do with all of those
cheap crappy folding camping chairs I
don't go camping and you're in luck
because we have the solution
skip the storage and get yourself an
edible folding chair an edible folding
chair for camping eh
the chair holds up to 200 pounds for up
to seven days before it loses strength
once you're done you just eat the chair
the entire thing yep it's all edible
interesting very interesting guys this
is so stupid there's no way he's going
to want to I Love It I will give you 10
million dollars for 40 of your company
deal one million percent deal let's go
boys

hey boys how's it going life's been
rough recently man how come I've been
stuck on a dumb boss seriously who are
you stuck on Millennia from Eldon ring
I've been trying for so long but I just
can't do it I don't know man I might
just give up I ask you Donald are newer
night terrors more sentient than other
night terrors what just always remember
the big difference between Earth and a
hero is a hero generates Revenue Joe
what the hell are you on about I'm just
giving Donald some inspirational
messages from this AI tool are they not
good no they're terrible okay wait this
one seems promising Donald if you can
lick her you can fool her that just
sounds like harassment those messages
make me feel like giving up now too they
motivated me Joe no get out of here Mark
they're not for you

boys today we're ranking four sodas
without knowing the next let's go next
time we got to do ice cream what's the
first one Don I guess it's Cherry Coke
Cherry Coke is mad overrated orange Coke
is better said no one ever that's got to
go third agreed let's go I love orange
Fanta that's got to be higher than
Cherry Coke let's put it second ew
ginger ale is trash no it isn't man for
real ginger ale it's different when
you're sick still going last it's good
but it's not better than most sodas
let's see what's going first Back to
Basics I like it I'm perfectly fine with
this being first agreed this is a great
list what do you think

hey Donald want to play a game of Truth
or Dare yeah why not I just finished my
round in my new app called raid Shadow
stop that we're not even sponsored hey
fellas can I join too of course Joe want
to start us off then sure so Donald
Truth or Dare obviously dare only babies
pick truth all right I dare you to Chuck
an apple over at the Nerds table all
right bet
my turn to ask Obama truth or dare you
know I'm a man of Truth oh are you now
then tell me Obama
spent while you were running huh no need
to get so feisty Donald they were
obviously spent to my anime figurine
collection wow that's a good idea I
should do that too yeah Joe well it's
your turn now truth or dare I don't know
dare I guess I dare you to scream as
loud as you can
Jesus Christ what was that uh I was told
to scream so I did that was my mistake
please never do that again

hey guys guess what I got a restraining
order yeah wait no I got us lottery
tickets oh sweet how many did you get I
got ten you guys know that your chances
of winning the lottery are less than
that of getting struck by lightning
right or right nerd be quiet you've
clearly not seen our luck before yeah
man watch this
oh man I got nothing okay check this one
out then
uh I want a cherry Joe you idiot you
don't win the pictures see guys you
haven't won anything at all all right
you try one then well that won't prove
anything but sure why not
oh wow I actually just won fifty
thousand dollars wait what no that's
mine give it back bro you gave the
ticket to him we all saw it sucks to
suck Donald I still haven't forgiven you
for stealing my Pokemon cards way back

boys look who I got in the realm who Don
hoip is
do you guys speak English don't worry
I've been learning Portuguese so I can
translate tell them that we're in the
mine right now and they can take
whatever they need from our chest
Ingles
guys I think he complimented our realm
my Portuguese isn't the best but I'm
pretty sure they said they wanted to
build a sugar cane Farm that's cool boys
I got a couple stacks in my chest you
can take
what the hell where'd they go Ronaldo
said he left to make some Bagel Bites
and I'm pretty sure Messi has a doctor's
appointment to get to

all right you guys ready to make our
league team why are we doing this again
yeah can't we just play Blind casual
like we usually do no this time there's
ten dollars on the line and all we have
to do is beat Drake and James Charles
team in a private draft pick match
Squidward and I will run bot you want
support or ADC I'll run support okay I
guess I'll play Miss Fortune ADC
SpongeBob can you run Yumi for Squidward
Yumi do I look like someone who has
three functioning brain cells I wouldn't
doubt you have less than that thank you
Squidward chill boys I'll run rexine
jungle let's go we better win this boys
damn right I couldn't give a crap about
the money but I would hate to lose a
League match to Drake and James
Charles remember guys we may have to
change our picks if they who just joined
Hey sisters are you ready for the
biggest
yeah whatever James we've got SpongeBob
and Squidward on our side you all are
going down we'll see about that my sweet
little Joey cupcake bro I told you stop
being so susque with me holy do you
guys just let anyone join your Discord

all right guys I'll be the dungeon
master today so let's start what classes
do you want I want to be a warlock I'll
go assassin again all right let's begin
you both wake up in a cave with only the
sound of dripping water in the distance
what do you do I blow up the cave Joe
starting in a cave doesn't mean we have
to use caveman ideas yeah sorry Joe but
you just began you're not nearly strong
enough for that oh my bad we'll look
around then all right roll for luck
tough luck you guys end up getting lost
and run into two giant spiders how am I
not shocked that Joe got us lost again
the spiders are scarier than Joe's
basement what will you guys do oh what
I'll Attack the first spider with my
dagger roll for attack
unfortunately Donald you died as you
tripped on your way to attack with your
dagger being sent backwards at Joe
killing him too oh come on man this is
your fault you Elder baboon stop getting
us lost all the time

boys I'm going to order some Subway what
do you want I'll take a multi-grain
toasted 12in sub with lettuce tomatoes
bacon and five servings of Olives the
hell Joe I am not ordering that for you
pick something normal fine I'll take a
large Fanta and a chocolate chip cookie
there you go what do you want Don well
what are you getting Brock I'm getting a
toasted Steak and Cheese sub with bacon
and chipotle and maybe some lettuce that
sounds good I guess I'll take a 12-in
toasted Italian sub with mayo Italian
herbs dressing lettuce peppers and extra
bacon with a s of two paninis one steak
and cheese and one ham a bag of Doritos
cheese and a bag of original Ruffles and
an extra holy crap Don are you ordering
for a party I'm getting you a garden
salad and a subscription to Weight
Watchers Don wait do they have soft
serve no Joe it's Subway okay then I'll
just take a bacon ater hold the cheese
oh wait I want one of those too screw
this I'm just going to go make a ham
sandwich

guys you got to see this this is going
to be something stupid let's see it Joe
I bought a food truck wow I stand
corrected Joe this is awesome I didn't
know you cooked there's a lot of stuff
y'all don't know about me you guys in
what you mean work with you for me but
yeah I'm so down me too then we got a
lot of work ahead of us let's get
started on the cleanup I'll do the
friers yeah and I'll clear out the
fridge and freezer let's go guys we're
going to be so rich 2 hours later wow
guys we gave this truck a huge glow up
it's time to get this bad boy on the
road wait a sec Joe I for got to ask you
what are we going to be serving I
thought you'd never ask Barack oh crap
I'm serving pizza with hair in it I'll
be sourcing only the best most luscious
locks for my customers what do you think
yeah I'm out I don't get paid enough for
this you don't get paid at all exactly
me too this is Joe's lawsuit to deal
with not mine

guys I'm inviting my friend to the
Discord sounds good bro wait who howdy
gentlemen holy fuck is that Arthur
Morgan yep I was in the saloon then I
found this here light device what hop on
Arthur all right I ain't too familiar
with the Minecraft game you told me
about you're probably gonna have to
teach me don't worry bro start Arthur
what the hell are you doing playing the
Minecraft I needed a break Dutch we have
planning to do if we're gonna make it to
Tahiti this next Heist will be the
biggest one yet that's cap is full Dutch
you say that every time there's a new
job come on Arthur stop playing with
these fossilized asshats and help me
what the actual fuck is happening

guys I have a new device I got to show
you well don't let Joe go near it last
time he broke our time machine said I
was sorry Barack this one's a mind
reading device I just typed the person's
full name and it'll play what they're
thinking at the time can you show us how
it works let me demonstrate I just typed
in my own name now we wait for it to
give us a response
for some right now but do I want to
spend the money on Firehouse see pretty
sick right I've been my name Don okay
I'm punching it in
did you do it yeah but I'm not getting
anything Joe try to actively think of
something for the device I'm trying
Brock I really am what's that noise
what the hell is happening guys I think
my brain is overloading Joe stop
thinking of things
turn it off I think I think I can feel
it starting to come down

Anything You Can Do I Can Do Better Don
screw you Joe I can do anything better
than you no you can't yes I can no you
can't yes I can boys there's only one
way to solve this you have to swap lives
fine later hello sweetie welcome home
for dinner I made you your favorite
three Big Mac combos with large fries
and three small Diet Cokes what the hell
no way Don eats this in one sitting and
like usual I've changed your right leg
to the floor and will only unlock it
once every morsel of food has been eaten
bro what mean
Dad I need more money for care Hunter
I'll pay you to stop talking Joseph it's
10 p.m okay and that means it's time for
me to slather vanilla ice cream on your
feet you better refreeze it after no
sense in letting it go to waste what the
hell's going on in this place

guys I think I have superpowers no you
don't Joe take your pills nah bro I'm
actually serious I just read online
about a thing called the Biden blast
what you mean the internet meme from
like a year ago don't question this one
Obama I want to see how this plays out
let's see it then Joe all right check
this out I'm gonna run at super speed do
it Joe okay hold on I gotta charge up my
chakra any day now bud yeah
oh damn Joe are you okay yeah I'm fine I
think I broke my hip but I'm on the
floor now so I'm good want me to call
you an ambulance no I gotta try my other
power bro you should try going to a
hospital instead it's not going to work
man just call 9-1-1 ready bye blast

have you guys heard this new song on Tik
Tok that song is literally everywhere
yeah and I can't get it the hell out of
my head well there's this sick new remix
you guys got to hear
this wait so is this thing on yeah I hit
the record button okay but I can't hear
the track you got to wear the headphones
wait Joe is this just your video shut up
Obama it's getting
good damn we missed the beat we're going
to have to restart dude how do you wear
these they're so
tiny bro what the hell is this yeah I
kind of thought you were going to play
someone else's song also that was
probably the worst thing I've ever heard
oh come on guys it's funny it's like the
kai chinat Riz phom tax kabii toilet Gat
meme what on Earth are you talking about
fruity Cherry yummy M yes yes fruity
yummy ice cream so good oh crap it's
happening again no ice cream so good
gang
gang

who wins Thanos or LeBron James with The
Infinity Gauntlet are you kidding
obviously Thanos wait how he said LeBron
has The Infinity Gauntlet because normal
humans can't use the Infinity Gauntlet
it just kills them and I'm sorry but did
you just call my cutie patootie a normal
human for real bro LeBron is the goat he
is to basketball what Doctor Strange is
to time man that's the stupidest thing
I've ever heard I doubt LeBron would
even know what to do with The Infinity
Gauntlet wait let me switch things up
Thanos versus LeBron in a one-on-one
basketball match but Thanos has Lebron
shoes on and LeBron is Barefoot wait say
that again see that one I got to give to
LeBron and if we're talking Comics
LeBron is taller than Thanos that's what
I'm talking about Barack W to the goat I
could never let my little schnookums
down like that

guys if you had to go skydiving or
bungee jumping what would you do bungee
jumping I'm going parachuting I feel
like that bungee will pull me apart stop
being a baby Joe Bungie jumping is sick
there's no way your fat ass would be
allowed to go bungee jumping screw you
you wrinkly brick I'm only 200 pounds
cap cappus doesn't matter because I'm
not jumping out of a plane well I would
it seems pretty fun damn right I'd be
like a bird I'd pay to watch your loose
skin hit the ground two minutes after
you yeah well I'd pay to watch you smack
into the ground like a 4 000 ton
asteroid he's right though Joe we should
go skydiving together so I can see that
nah man we should go bungee jumping with
Don that way I can watch him get
launched into space in your dreams
fossil

new challenge today boys the person who
can stay silent the longest will win $1
billion I already have that but I may as
well top up I guess this should be easy
I sit in silence and stare at a wall for
like 3 hours most days the hell the
challenge starts now you're no longer
allowed to talk does that include verbal
noises o Donald it looks like you failed
already that's sad damn it loser talking
includes heckling George it looks like
you're out too oh darn it's down to you
too Joe and barck may the quietest man
win look at Joe he's definitely going to
crack I got this Barack doesn't
understand how great at staying silent I
am he's going down what's the difference
between a time machine and a phone sure
I can't literally go back to the past
but I can watch memories and stuff from
the past with full objective
Clarity oh my God the ice cream truck is
coming Joe talked let's go I win
congratulations Barack here's your prize
why the hell would you blurt that out
Joe I couldn't hold my excitement Don
cuz where there's an ice cream truck
there's also two of my favorite things
ice cream and chill

hold on Obama what did you say this
restaurant was called uh I don't know it
was something trisardi all I know is the
chef has a weird obsession with Pearl
Jam who cares let's just order you're
right hey Chef we're ready to order now
hmm all right interesting choices
gentlemen I will be back soon wait what
we didn't even tell you what we wanted
that's because I already know now be
patient uh okay sure
yeah then I told her honey if you want
to be in the White House hello gentlemen
sorry for the weight here are your
dishes for you Trump we have the double
deep fried grease heart attack on a
stick wow that's perfect Jesus Christ
what is that and now for you Obama we
have this beautiful mac and cheese a la
drone I don't know what mac and cheese
is but I love the Drone part and now for
you Joe we're going to have to ask you
to leave what what did I do we do not
serve food like that here now get out
before I call the cops fine man but I'm
leaving a one star review this is
the hell did you order Joe

round two boys were ranking games
without knowing the next one you pubg
I'm fine putting this last come on Joe
give credit where credit is due because
this game kind of popularized the Battle
Royale genre it can go forth then I
agree with Joe pubg sucks ass damn is
that Hades I got bored of roguelikes and
never played this yeah well we did and
it slapped it did but let's hold
out for a better game and put it second
Red Dead nice this is what I'm talking
about agreed I didn't like the combat
but the story was top tier hell yeah
let's put that first then oh man we
should have put this fourth instead of
Pub G we can't put it last though Far
Cry 6 kind of suck but it definitely
doesn't deserve fifth put it third then
let's see what's last this better be a
stinker boys damn guys we really fought
this one I don't know I found Half-Life
kind of boring are you kidding Joe nah I
have no problem putting it last he's not
doing this with us anymore

boys what's better the Star Wars
original trilogy or the prequels if any
of you say prequels I'm slapping you
stop gatekeeping you nasally the
prequels had much better effects I gotta
agree that fight between Yoda and
Palpatine was insane what are you
talking about the one where it looks
like Yoda is no clipping through the air
yeah are you kidding that was
stupid as hell no way bro the original
trilogy's fights were asked the scene
where Vader kills Obi-Wan was crazy
boring you obviously didn't understand
the scene dumbass Obi-Wan knew he
couldn't win exactly Obi-Wan was ancient
in that scene you all need to take some
of my meds Bro off Joe I guess
we're not agreeing on this one eh are
you guys arguing about Star Wars because
the new movies are obviously the best
shut the up Mark

what's on the menu today boys well I got
hello gentlemen I've got some snacks for
you hey I was talking nice try I tried
your chocolate it's Middle School don't
worry Jimmy I like them you can go first
then what do you got I've got a Snickers
bar I'll give you this pumpkin what a
pumpkin for a Snickers bar are you crazy
I'll take it Jimmy I like eating fresh
pumpkin seeds you can have my Cheez-Its
here you go Joe look inside the pumpkin
oh my God a gold bar yep and it's worth
ten thousand dollars thanks a lot man
this is insane damn it that should have
been mine let me go next you can have my
peanut butter and jelly sandwich nah bro
PB and J is mid wait what get food
Barack later boys thanks again Jimmy

boys did you see that Mr Beast video
where he traded his Tesla yeah why I
think it would be fun to trade our cars
I'm down sure why not I want barack's
car all right I'll take yours Joe you
better not screw me over guess that
leaves me with yours Don let's see what
everyone's getting I'll go first Don you
get my brand new souped up 2023 Ford
Raptor this thing could pull a herd of
elephants let's go what do I get Don you
get to keep my refurbished 2001 Porsche
911 I swear Joe you better not crash
this thing damn bro should have given
that one to Bush want to see what you
got Barack let's do it you get to go
home with a classic Ford Model T what
are you kidding nope my grandpa got me
this for my birthday when I turned 16
and now it's yours damn bro how old are
you I don't know what to say Joe
definitely not thanks oh come on man
this is classic American engineering be
grateful and you better not crash it how
the hell would he crash it that thing
probably caps at 20 miles an hour I
can't believe I gave up my Raptor for
this

guys who wants to trade Halloween snacks
I got so many awesome candies to trade
with you guys let's go I went to the
rich people neighborhood and got a ton
of full chocolate bars what do you guys
want for my jumbo Reese's Peanut Butter
Cup I'll give you all of my raisins
apples and juice boxes I'll give you my
bag of Skittles give me all of your
raisins and it's yours Barack are you
kidding Joe did you forget this
likes raisins Don dang it either of you
guys want this bag of sweet chili heat
Doritos I'm good chips hurt my mouth
I'll give you these two fun dips I'll
take them what do you guys give me for
this full can of sprite I'll give you
two mini Snickers and a mini Starburst
I'll give you this full bag of chocolate
coins there's like 20 of them you got a
deal Joe let's go here's the coins be
careful Don sometimes people put
dangerous stuff in what the hell someone
put an M1 abrs tank in my chocolate

boys I want you to meet my new friend
who Don Ben is that a dog yes yeah he's
not a huge talker but he's got a lot of
character so Benjamin is it no just
Benjo he just goes by Ben you want to
play some games with us Ben
yes bro do you say anything else other
than yes and no
bro this is too weird I don't know if I
want to play with this guy Don yeah man
this dude gives me the creeps how dare
you disparage me in such a way I come in
here ready to be welcomed and play some
games with future friends and all you do
is treat me with disrespect I mean I'm a
dog for crying out loud who on Earth
doesn't like dogs you'll Rue the day you
messed with bang
I kicked your friend from the Discord
Don good never invite that dog back
again you guys are so mean that dog was
insanely chill

boys would you hit a button to turn
yourself into a woman for one million
dollars hell yeah I can go from a rich
man to a slightly richer woman wait how
does it work you hit the button and it'd
switch how you were born your whole life
would be different Don would be Donna
and you would be Baraka Barack what
about you Joe he'd be Josefina obviously
no I don't like that name I want mine to
be candy candy like the stripper name
wait so you get to be candy and I still
have to be Baraka yes hell no I'm still
doing it Donna is a great name fine
Barack you can have Candace Candace why
Candace Candace well done I was gonna do
that good thing I did it you would have
bunged it Joe screw you

today we're having an official debate on
what the best ice cream flavor is hey
bro didn't you steal this from PB the
leader yeah he did fine this hour we're
having an unofficial discussion on what
the best ice cream flavor is that's
better I guess it's got to be mint
chocolate chip no the best is obviously
cookies and cream you guys are both
stupid the real answer is chocolate yeah
you would pick that Barack actually none
of you are right matcha green tea is the
best ice cream flavor bro who invited
Mark shut the hell up kerberg your
opinion means nothing guys think about
it vanilla and chocolate are two of the
most popular ice cream flavors and
cookies and cream has both mine has
chocolate and mint one of the best
flavor pairings on the planet mint
chocolate chip tastes like toothpaste
Don exactly yeah well at least mine
isn't as boring as chocolate then I
guess Joe wins agree let's go can we all
at least agree that eggnog ice cream is
top three I'm going to kick your ass
mark

boys I'm giving you the chance to have
an infinite amount of money let's go I'm
going to buy every McDonald's franchise
on the planet what's the catch Jimmy the
catch is that you will be given a random
country and you are never allowed to
leave it so we get infinite money in
only one country basically but you
physically won't be able to leave that
country you can interact with people
around the world but you yourself can
never leave so if I get North Korea will
I become the richest person there North
Korea is not included in the list damn
nope I'm out I already basically have
infinite money and I can go wherever the
hell I want let me get that money Jimmy
okay here's your infinite credit card
the country you have to stay in is
Sweden let's go I love Sweden now me
Jimmy your money is ready Joe hell yeah
but the country you got was Naru what
where the hell is that it's a small
island off the coast of Australia with a
population of just over 12,000 damn it
huh what a loser wait hold on a second
Barack it seems my calculations were
incorrect your country is actually
Afghanistan

would you rather lose your left foot and
get $1 million or keep your left foot
and pay $1 million so I either lose my
foot or lose $1 million yeah I'm giving
my foot for the mill with $1 million I
feel like I can buy a cool ass robot me
too bro I don't have enough money to
justify keeping my already broke ass
foot yeah well I do so I'm keeping my
fraking foot wait I got a better one get
$10 million and you can never speak
again or pay $10 million and not lose
your ability to speak wow this sucks
looks like I'm never speaking again
let's not pretend that's a bad thing Joe
see that one I'm paying for and I'll pay
to reverse that so I don't have to hear
you either Barack Hey Joe I got one for
you get $1 million and don't punch Don
in the face or pay $1 million to punch
Don in the face what I only have a
million so I don't know broy but I guess
I'd use it to get a free punch on Don we
could pull our money together then both
punch him in the face at the same time
hell yeah screw you guys

which one of you idiots wants $1 billion
pick me Jimmy no pick me I've been
watching you since day one Jimmy but if
you take this deal I will unleash upon
you the snail what the hell is the snail
the snail is a Celestial Immortal being
that will exist until the end of the
universe what the snail will always
chase you if you fly across the planet
it will come to find you if you dig
1,000 km into the ground it will find
you and if the snail touches you you die
oh crap hell no I'm not taking this deal
yeah me neither I don't know guys the
snail seems like it would be really easy
to escape I don't Careo Rock I'd
definitely forget about it someday and
it would find me me too I already have a
billion dollars and I don't need another
for this well I'll take the deal Jimmy
here you go Barack the snail has been
Unleashed in a random part of the world
and is now coming for you you have until
the end of your life to avoid it let's
go I'm going to buy a private jet and
stay in the sky for the rest of my life
I forgot to tell you the snail is not
bound by gravity it can basically no
clip through the sky at snail speed

guys if Mr Beast offered you one million
dollars to fight a lynx would you do it
what type of question is that Joe
seriously a lynx weighs like 40 pounds
you could tie my hands behind my back
and I'll still win fine let me think of
another one how about this would you do
the skydiving where you throw your shoot
out and chase after it for one million
dollars can I train first nope that I've
already got that and more you think I'm
gonna risk my life like that I'm with
Dawn that just seems stupid wait I got
one and it's a long one so get ready
boys if you were in a bunker and 20 feet
outside of the bunker is a sitting awake
grizzly bear would you run out and poke
it for 50 million dollars all you have
to do is run 20 feet poke that thing and
run back to the bunker for safety I
could do that 100 but I feel like even
if the bear was tranked Joe would
somehow find a way to fall over and
break his hip or something okay man it's
not that bad I heard 20 bone cracks as
you sat up to say that Joe stop
pretending

I have a deal for you guys let's hear it
Jimmy I'll give you1 billion dollar but
it will make one obscure word fatal to
say wait what yeah that doesn't make
sense the second you agree to this deal
a random uncommon word that you know
will be cursed and if you ever say it
very bad things will happen how do we
know which word it is that's the thing
you don't I think I got a strategy for
this you said it's an uncommon word
right yes it will never be a word like
what or thing I'll take it here you go
money good me like money really good wow
that's really smart Don well I'm not
taking the deal I couldn't deal with
having to speak like a caveman for the
rest of my life I want the money Jimmy
here you go Joe make sure to be careful
with what you say Joe don't worry Barck
I got this this deal is sure to be
greatly
fortuitous

I have a deal for you guys you all need
to hit this button what does it do if
all three of you hit this button then
one of you will randomly get a new
Bugatti filled with cash holy crap
that's sick but one of you will also
randomly gain 300 extra lbs no way we
can do this it's a death sentence for
you guys I want that Bugatti Barack me
too then press the button but remember
the person who gets the Bugatti might
not be the person who gets the weight
wait a second Jimmy I have a better deal
let's hear it Mark if you press my
button you'll all get $1 million but one
of you will immediately lose 100 lb well
this is a super easy choice we're going
with yours Mark Wait guys hold on did it
work I don't know wait what let's go my
bank account has an extra million holy
crap me too but who lost the weight then
I don't know about you guys but I
literally feel like a million bucks

gentlemen who makes the best phone I say
Samsung no way there's a reason why
apple is the most popular guys come on
stop being trendy and realize that Nokia
is by far the best phone maker do they
even make those anymore yeah obviously
come on boys Samsung is just as good as
the iPhone it's cheaper and has way more
customization Samsung is for brokies and
nerds who use Linux on their computer
and people who don't fall for brand
and overpriced Garbage Guys I
want both of you to drop your phone from
one foot above the ground only one foot
the would that prove just do it
fine drop that Barack
what the hell Joe my battery exploded
yeah what the the entire back of my
phone shattered now watch this guys
not a dent oh my God Joe that was
incredible I want a Nokia now the only
thing is you can't play games on it I'm
gonna kick your ass for making me break
my phone for no reason

boys I'm craving tacos should I get Taco
Bell or Chipotle neither go to Qdoba so
what I don't know if they have those
where Joe lives Don then do Chipotle
literally anything but Taco Bell I don't
know man Chipotle is kind of just as
trash as Taco Bell and way more
expensive it most certainly is not
that's like saying Five Guys is on par
with Burger King yeah Barack Taco Bell
seems pretty ass that being said you can
get like 3 000 calories there for like
10 bucks that's what I'm saying Don plus
Taco Bell is one of the few taco places
that doesn't pretend to be authentic
it's just good old tasty American food
actually you're right Barack you know
what it I'm gonna get Del Taco
did you just kick him yeah the second he
said Del Taco I was done he can figure
out what garbage he wants to eat by
himself

hello boys hi Jimmy what do you got for
us today uh today I have one million
dollars the person who can spend it the
best will get the money I'll be the
judge give me the money Jimmy if I get
it I'll buy two hundred thousand eight
hundred and three point two Magnum ice
cream bars how are you by point two of a
Magnum Bar Joe cut it in fifths dumbass
obviously that's stupid if I get the
money I'm throwing it all into stocks
the smart thing to do wow you guys must
have thought of this already I don't
like either of those ideas
and yours is boring Don check this out
Jimmy if I get the money I'm throwing a
huge party with a massive cake tons of
candy and like 30 carnival rides at the
end of the night we'll have an awesome
fireworks show that's sick that sounds
amazing Barack you win here's your money
wait really we don't get to change our
answers nope I got a video to make this
is kind of for tax purposes anyway what
video next Friday I'll be bringing 100
million mosquitoes back to life wait
what later boys so when's the party
Barack oh I lied about that I'm buying a
new car what are you kidding LMAO
y'all

boys if we were all Minecraft Mobs which
ones would we be you'd be a sheep joke
because you're loud annoying and covered
in white hair wait really I was thinking
of skeleton nah bro no way Joe couldn't
use a bow to save his life screw you
guys Don you'd be a piglet because your
pig like can only care about money damn
right I'll take it what about Obama I
was thinking Iron Golem you know because
I'm strong and protective nah bro I know
what you'd be and it's not that you'd be
I'd say it Joe I know you're gonna say
something racist don't worry we were
gonna say gas Brock oh okay wait why
really man you seriously don't know why
nah you're wrong Don I was gonna say
Enderman I'm gonna beat your ass

guys what country has the best food
Italy or France objectively maybe Italy
but France hell no they eat snails and
fatty liver bro Foie grago so hard it's
crazy yeah you can really taste the
suffering honestly I'm fine with
anything other than Indian food wait
have you even tried Indian food nope I
don't eat anything that looks like
diarrhea bro trust me it might look like
dookie but it tastes like heaven I'll
take your word for it I gotta go with
Lebanon Shawarma carries their food
alone not to mention the other stuff
they have now bro Mexican food is the
best also Spanish food nope it's Italy
and if you disagree you're stupid wrong
that's so American of you Barack what do
you think and let's be honest though I
think everyone knows who's not winning
foreign

I got an important question to ask you
guys let's hear it Joey would you open
Pandora's Box giving you the answer to
any question you have if it meant that
it would lead to world ending chaos
defying chaos I don't know probably tons
of natural disasters crops dying and
everyone becomes violent hell no I'm
perfectly fine not knowing the answers
to the universe I'm taking it that way I
can figure out if you stole my leftover
pizza last week I told you I didn't Don
stop lying to me wrinkles well what if I
told you Mr Beast actually got me the
Box oh crap give it here Joe let me open
it fine but you better let me know what
you find out how long does it take for
the negative effects to kick in no clue
there's only one way to find out do it
Donnie all right I'm gonna do it

would you guys do this virtual reality
challenge for $1 million how does it
work you have to finish a super
difficult VR escape room where you'll
have 30 minutes to escape and then I get
$1 million yeah but if you fail to
escape the door will lock down and the
room will no longer be escapable that
seems too easy what's the catch the
catch is that if the door locks the VR
headset will become a part of you and
you'll have to stay there for the rest
of your life hell no I'm not doing that
for $1 million yeah me nether make it 10
mil and you have a deal I got this I'm a
wiiz at this stuff send me in Jimmy here
you go Joe once you put the headset on
you can't take it off until you escape
all right let's do this we're rooting
for you buddy good luck
Joe wait what the hell is an escape room

boys would you reroll the universe what
do you mean like in a game yeah you know
like a redo of the universe you gotta
explain that more bud it's pretty simple
Don there's a button if you press it you
re-roll the universe not entirely but
like everything happens differently
you'd be born a different person in a
different place in different time and
stuff like the world wars may not have
happened I'm too zonked for this one bro
man I was president and made like a
billion dollars why on Earth would I
re-roll wait do I get to keep my
memories from this life I was going to
say no but you know what screw it sure
then yeah I definitely would me too you
guys are both stupid both of you are
rich famous and successful why would you
risk giving that up don't worry I'm
about 99.9 certain that I would be
resurrected as Mark Wahlberg in a
universe where he was on one of the 911
planes that way I could stop it
never mind you're right Donnie that is
stupid I'm out

Hey Joe how are you I'm pretty good
right now man thanks for asking hey
Obama I got a question for you would you
rather eat a hundred live cockroaches or
fight a male grizzly bear the hell
um why are you asking just answer the
question please fine uh I guess the
Cockroaches ah what the hell is going on
excellent choice ah where the hell did
Obama go he's fulfilling his choice now
then Joseph I've got a question for you
don't you even try it all right Joe
would you rather eat a three pound bowl
of toenails or skydive with a pissed off
chimpanzee Mark please don't do this I'm
too young five four three all right fine
the chimpanzee marvelous selection
Joseph when I get back I'm gonna kick
your ass
that's if you get back Mark did you get
it done yeah now as we agreed yeah
here's ten thousand dollars thanks again
pleasure doing business

would you guys work a random job for $1
million what the heck where's Jimmy
don't you worry about what Jimmy is
doing I'm here now okay well what do you
have for us guys I feel like every time
Mark is here things go terribly I'm
going to offer you a job with a $1
million salary but the job will be
random oh cool that doesn't sound bad
let's take the deal boys I'm down do it
Mark this will only take a second get
ready what the hell where am I you're on
an underwater oil rig your job is to
dive down to the pipes and repair them
with an underwater welding torch bro
what no way I got this welcome to the
first day of the last days of your life
my friend I swear Joe and Don better be
getting screwed
too wow bro this is the sweetest deal
ever I know right you guys are doing
great you only have 10 more ice cream
flavors to test let's go

Bo guess what I did nothing that will
land you back in jail again hopefully I
followed my passion and dreams and I
opened a McDonald's store good job
Donnie I also need your guys help for it
wow Donnie good for you what do you need
our help for I want you guys to work
with me sure and because I love you guys
so much both of you will also work your
dream jobs Joe will work the ice cream
machine and Obama will bomb strike
anyone that leaves a bad review holy
crap this is the best deal ever I'm glad
you guys love my idea let's get to work
the next day our first customer is
approaching be ready hello can I have a
Big Mac meal and one Mac flurry please
absolutely here's your Big Mac meal and
go to the next window for your McFlurry
than you sir hello I'm here for my Mac
flurry excuse me
sir sir sir wake up you're
working this is absolutely insane I am
definitely leaving a bad review on this
place stupid ice cream guy was sleeping
on the
job

would you drink this unicorn pee if it
gave you superpowers absolutely no way
Jimmy did Joe seriously just drink that
I didn't even finish my sentence do you
not want to know what the superpowers
are if it's coming from you I'm sure
they will be 100% worth it well tell us
Mr Beast what are those great
superpowers that we missed out on by not
drinking unicorn pee Joe can now
communicate with chicken did I just
drink unicorn piss just so I can talk to
chicken LMA oh what a loose try it out
talk to Becky the chicken over here yo
what's up Becky yo what's up um guys
what's wrong you won't believe what the
chicken just said to me Are you
seriously going to snitch on me um Joe
is everything all right the chicken is
saying some very racist words come on
Joe please don't snitch what is it
saying the chicken is saying the NW I
just found my new favorite animal what
is it saying come here you little
crap

stop everything and listen up you won't
believe what just crossed my mind what
is it Donnie holy crap we're gonna make
so much money with this we're going to
become so rich we will move to a
different galaxy finally man I hate it
here there's too many stairs all right
I'm very excited you are hyping this up
like it's the best thing ever because it
is and what is it we're gonna go to
Africa and we're gonna open up a KFC
there Donnie this is your best idea ever
and why exactly is that such a fantastic
idea huh what do you mean why is it you
chose Africa to open a KFC is there a
particular reason I don't know what
you're talking about wait yeah why did
you choose their uh are you assuming
something about the people what would I
be assuming are you assuming the people
there will love KFC well everybody likes
KFC why are you making this about race
because we all know what you're thinking
it's not that bro relax guys you're both
right everybody likes KFC especially
Nick

guys I lost a bet I must nuke New Yorker
California in the next 10 seconds or all
states get Auto nude what how did you
get access to the nuke codes you did not
change the password it was still 4 20
69. help me which state should I choose
quick can't you just nuke North Dakota
or something no I can't six seconds left
just nuke New York it's filled with rats
anyways but I can't they've got the best
pizza then do California I can't they
got the best burgers three seconds left
holy crap just choose one quick it
doesn't matter do California I sent the
nuke where did you send it California
good man I never liked wait I'm in
California

boys I found a new roommate hopefully
this one is normal and not a complete
weirdo like the last one you had well
he's not completely normal but he's fun
and that's all that matters he's half
roommate half my pet half your pet what
the hell do you mean do we know him
maybe you're Rocky come here my friends
want to meet
you oh what the hell is that a
dog I think it's a monkey I'm black is
that racist for him to say I don't know
where the hell did you find this man I
was at a parking lot and he approached
me and started sniff me so I brought him
back home with me that's so weird bro
yeah man there's something wrong with
you it's not weird you're just jealous
of my new friend what do you even do
together don't worry about that Rocky
show us what you do with Donnie I'm let
you do it I'm going let you it's bro
what the hell Donnie are you serious
there's something wrong with you bro
stop it you are jealous Rocky do you
like being Donald's roommate or do you
have nightmares at night try and
remember what you guys do
together why would you do that me

where the hell am I welcome back Donnie
we've missed you the year is currently
3026 you are currently competing in one
of my YouTube videos 3,26 you what do
you mean you have been competing in my
last person to leave the room wins
either a Big Mac ice cream or KFC there
are three contestants remaining how am I
alive you froze yourself for a thousand
years so you don't get bored makes sense
are the others dead good morning Donnie
oh great Joe how the hell are you alive
bro I'm older than the dinosaurs you
think I'll be dying anytime soon Joe
have you seen where I left the oh Donnie
you are finally awake and how are you
alive black don't crack I can make a
racist joke but I will not you've
changed since last Millennia why am I
competing in this I can just leave and
byy McDonald's there are no more
McDonald's stores on Earth what why an
alien invasion happened when they
destroyed everything on Earth are we
still alive then they were fans of my
YouTube channel so they let us live this
is currently being live streamed on
alien TV this is a nightmare and what
happens if what the hell was that
everyone gets randomly electrocuted five
times a day you get used to it after
some decades pass this frees me again

Joe man Obama told me what happened
yesterday you should really start taking
those pills bro I agree man I mean when
has it gone too far oh come on it wasn't
that bad bro you were so out of pocket
for that one I don't even know if I can
say what you did out loud you guys are
exaggerating no man we're being super
serious this has gone too far it's time
we put an end to this all right what's
the difference between your advice and
ice cream huh Joe this has nothing to do
with this answer me and I may take my
pills this is so stupid I got no idea
Joe what is the difference between our
advice and ice cream Joe the difference
say I asked for the ice cream

changing things up today the last person
to say the n-word must give me one
trillion dollars oh no I have a feeling
this won't end well hell yeah that's
what I'm talking about my mission Obama
said it the remaining contestants are
Joe and Donald if any of you dare to say
it I will launch you to space and leave
you there you're Mr Beastie we can't
really say that word yeah we're not
racist there's no way we're going to say
this either you say it or I will send
you to the bottom of the ocean and let
the sea monsters eat you you know what
Mr Beast I'd rather die than be a racist
send me to the ocean if that's what must
be done yeah Mr Beastie we are actually
good people wow I did not expect this
from you guys I'm honestly so proud fine
I'll change the rules of the game the
first person to say the n-word wins one
trillion dollars

boys what's the Supreme snack it's got
to be a big fat juicy Big Mac I don't
want to say what my first pick is but my
second is definitely chocolate bars why
won't you say your first pick Donnie
will get offended shut up Joe I won't
get offended well anyways my favorite is
easily Donuts also Donnie a Big Mac is
not a snack you fat ass that's a whole
ass meal well it's a snack to him
considering how much he eats in a day a
Big Mac is light work if you're as
strong as me whatever final change my
pick to Doritos that's a good pick but
Donuts are still better nah man a
Snickers bar is way better than a donut
Doritos beat both of you well only I
know what beats all of them and what the
real Supreme snack is just tell us what
it is already yeah why would I be
offended by what's your favorite snack
to eat is because my favorite snack to
eat in the entire world is Donald's
mother

guys why is it called taking a dump when
actually you're leaving it huh if I when
I kicked you out I did not mean you
could start living on my roof kind of
funny how being down for something and
up for something mean the same thing
um well can you at least fix my
satellite while you're up there I'm not
getting any HBO if you're in the living
room and you pass away did you die or
are you just knocked out well you're not
in my freaking living room right now so
what is that about to make you why is
the pizza boxes square if the pizza is a
circle and the slices are triangle bro
took every pill today why is it called a
building if it's already built get off
my roof bro how does a sponge hold water
if it's full of holes

guys I read a book with fun facts I have
become super intelligent you know how to
read this bozo is lying tell us some
facts then did you know that water can
boil you to death freeze you to death
and drown you but you still need it to
survive wow that's crazy we all knew
that sleepy Joe come on do better Forks
that you use in a restaurant have been
in thousands of other people's mouths
all right that's disgusting okay Joe
enough your room will one day belong to
somebody else and he will never know the
memories you've made in it not if I blow
it up before moving out I said enough
Joe I'm going to start crying did you
also know that you were shaped like a
raccoon and you will never get no
what Joe research shows that you
are astronomically down bad and have
infinitely negative risks

guys there's this stupid big red button
on my desk that's the nuclear button be
careful don't accidentally press it is
nuclear a new ice cream flavor no if
it's ice cream then why would I not
press it it's not Joe stop them coming
over you guys just want all the ice
cream for yourself

guys you won't believe what just
happened what happened Joe the homeless
person under the bridge was kind enough
to share his vacuum with me what the
hell are you talking about what I saw a
dude himself huh 100 bridge and I asked
if he would mind sharing it with me what
the hell Joe you injected yourself with
a homeless person's syringe Joe no way
you are on drugs right now huh drugs no
way bro he said this is that good
he said this is for the newest Crack
Strain I am immune well
holy sleepy Joe accidentally took
drugs I feel so energetic after taking
that I feel like I can fly I am a
beautiful butterfly Joe you are on drugs
bro no way bro I would never do drugs uh
I cannot stop moving yo you are tweaking
bro no no no I'm good bro I swear just
look at me I feel so oh yeah

Johnny you are officially under arrest
again what did I do this time Donnie can
you stay a week without getting in
trouble what's wrong with you you are
under arrest for using the n-word
without having an n-word pass all right
I guess that's fair it was me it was me
I was the one who said it arrest me not
him huh Joe what are you doing how dare
you say that word Joe I thought you were
better than that I was off my pills and
I got carried away and I said it I'm
sorry I deserve to go to jail what the
but we have video proof of Donnie saying
it no no it was not him uh it was me I
was wearing a mask Joe are you all right
yeah it was me arrest me please
something doesn't feel right but in the
video you were standing next to him how
could you be wearing a mask of Donny's
face and also being next to him uh uh I
was wearing a mask of Donny's face and
he was wearing a mask of my face is that
true Donnie uh yes of course it's true
please don't put me in jail again all
right then Joe you are officially under
arrest oh my God yes yes I'm so excited
my shift is over Tyrone can you arrest
Joe for me please sure thing come here
boy no

boys I found a talking dog for sale it's
only $10 we got to buy him Donnie did
you take my freaking pills again there's
no way you found a talking dog I did I
swear follow me a few moments later it's
this house right here Donnie are you
sure we're not going to get kidnapped
here yeah bro trust me hello there how
can I help you uh hello we're here to
see the talking dog yep he's in the
backyard follow me Donnie this is really
scary man don't worry Joe everything
will be fine wake up idiot someone's
here to see you hey there how are you
holy you can really talk how the
hell is that possible well when I was
born the government put a chip in my
brain to make me smarter and give me the
ability to talk Donnie was that you who
did that no it was not me I thought it
was you they used me for many covert
operations all over the world I helped
to take out some of the worst criminals
ever I even helped to take out Osama Bin
Laden Obama that was when you were in
office it wasn't me it must have been
Bush must have been Bush yeah I think I
remember him telling me about this once
man this dog is amazing how could you
sell him for 10 bucks cuz he's a damn
liar he didn't do any of that

boys would you rather have 10 Sons or 10
daughters 10 Sons for sure bro I'd make
an army of billionaires and my family
would become trillionaires 10 daughters
bro 100% and why is that Joe why in the
absolute freaking hell would you want 10
daughters Joe do the math smartass 10
daughters plus each one of them will
also have girlfriends think about the
amount of meow we're talking about holy
freaking crap sleepy Joe is a genius
imagine the amount of pom poom each
daughter is going to be bringing back to
the house on the daily you are
absolutely correct Joe I can't believe
I'm saying this but you are are actually
making sense for once you're both sick
in the head it's your daughter's friends
you're talking about here damn I guess
you're right Obama the fact that it's my
daughter's friends makes it makes it
even better

yo guys check out this new pet I just
got hi guys Trump what the that's a
literal furry that's kind of weird bro
what are you gonna do with him oh don't
you worry about that Joey what is that
supposed to mean what's your name little
guy my name Jeff Jeff do a trick for us
good boy that was actually pretty cool
not gonna lie Obama can I be your pet
what the hell no Joe what is wrong with
you I promise I will be the best pet
ever we can cuddle together and
everything sounds like a great deal
Obama I'd take it if I was you hey yo
you can be my pet Joey yay all three of
you must see a doctor

boys what has five toes but isn't your
foot all right this is freaking enough
Donald no more N word jokes what it's
not an n-word joke it always is we know
how you are you have pushed it too far
it's a silly dumb joke it's not racist
yeah well I don't believe you so you
can't say it it's a silly joke there's
always a Twist oh my God why don't you
guys freaking believe me because you
always lie you always laugh at my n-word
jokes before you get pissed off anyways
no we don't yes you do literally every
time and you never laugh at my other
jokes we always laugh when a joke is not
racist literally never I can prove it
right now all right then say it if it's
racist you were done all right what has
five toes but isn't your foot what my
foot
Nick

I'm recording a YouTube video right now
so don't say anything too crazy bro
you're the one who keeps saying the
wildest stuff don't play Mr Nice Guy now
that you're recording why are you even
recording well I lost a bet and I gotta
post a YouTube video and whatever the
most liked comment on it says I must do
damn bro that's tough you already know
I'll be 24 7 in the comments liking the
best ones please go easy on me

boys I figured out a way to say the
n-word without anyone getting offended
yo Don you must stop with this bro
you're really pushing it here wait hold
on this might be good did you find a way
to fix racism no not really quite the
opposite actually what do you mean quite
the opposite yeah what do you mean well
since you can't really say that word
these days I built a time machine and
I'm gonna travel back in time to slavery
and say the n-word freely you are going
to do what Donnie what you just said is
insane bro you are out of your mind
don't you dare do that I don't see what
the problem is nobody's going to get
offended you've got to at least admire
his determination to say that word
that's not called determination that's
called being a top-tier freaking racist
see this is why I'm doing all this look
at how mad you're getting yes and it's
completely reasonable goodbye okay I'm
back in time now I just gotta find one
excuse me sir do you know where I can
find it crap I went too far back okay
this should be the correct year wait why
is everything black and white oh yeah
color has not been invented yet but the
dinosaur was green anyways Excuse me yes
Mr orange man wait is that a bird that's
too big to be a bird did Obama send a
drone Strike Back in Time

Obama can I ask you a question Doug sure
Donnie what's up I just don't want you
to get offended I don't mean this in a
weird way honestly Donnie you have said
so many effed up things to me I've
become numb to it so don't worry about
that like how numb are we talking can I
say the n-word type of numb no you
cannot oh well I was joking anyways my
question was why are all black people
fast all right so actually this is kind
of true the reason is not really known
Joe why are you looking at us like this
do you have something to say he's
looking at us with his racist face he
always does that before saying something
messed up nah bruh just relax he's
probably just sleep his eyes open again
anyways there are some theories that
because people in Africa would hunt wild
animals frequently we have evolved to be
more fit that makes sense have you ever
hunted a lion yourself no bro I was born
in the U.S sure buddy whatever you say
should we wake Joe up or I don't think
he's sleeping he looks away
he has that racist face I'm telling you
you keep over analyzing bro take a deep
breath and just relax I guess you'r
right everything is going to be fine
black people are fast because all the
slow ones are in jail

guys please tell me that you can finally
hear me loud and clear Donnie hop on the
game Let's Play Hold On Tight guys I'm
caught up in a very peculiar situation I
need your help urgently what's wrong
Donnie I'm trapped in a secret prison
facing very intense interrogation by the
Secret Service oh boy what have you
gotten yourself into this time no time
for explanations I'm whispering to you
through a hidden earpiece and the stakes
have never been higher all right buckle
up everyone what's the mission they're
bombarding me with mysterious questions
that have me completely baffled I need
your Genius to crack these riddles don't
stress give us the questions and we'll
give you the correct answer brace
yourselves for this one what's the
answer to one plus one come on now this
is light work one plus one equals eleven
that's exactly what I said but they
insist it's wrong adding to the mystery
you guys need a refresher in
kindergarten math Obama the suspense is
killing me throw me a Lifeline if you're
struggling with this you deserve what'
coming for you the officer is coming I
gotta go Jonathan your Moment of Truth
has arrived what's your final answer
it's 69

boys I need your opinion on something
what is it spit it out what's on your
mind all right you will see where I'm
going with this but just tell me if I
cook one meal does that make me a chef
technically no Donnie if you cooked one
meal just once it's nothing special
you're not a chef for you to become a
chef you must be able to cook multiple
meals just because you did it once
definitely does not make you a chef all
right why are you asking yeah that's a
weird question I'll tell you in a bitjust be patient does changing attire
once make you a mechanic absolutely not
just because you changed a tire once
does not make you a mechanic yeah you
must work on cars for a long time to be
considered a mechanic doing it once is
definitely not enough what are these
questions yeah bro are you pretending to
be something just wait does driving my
friend around once make me a chauffeur
again just because you drove your friend
around once does not make you a
chauffeur yeah to be considered that you
must be driving people around multiple
times doing that once does not make you
a chauffeur then tell me why just
because once in my life I had
intercourse with a goat suddenly I'm up

Biden have you seen Donnie nah bro he's
been missing for two days now do you
think he's okay maybe eating McDonad's
four times a day finally got to him I
wouldn't be surprised I'm very worried
about him holy guys you won't
believe what I just got through Donnie
where have you been bro oh shut up Joe
like you don't know you freaking little
rat wait what happened I just had the
most traumatizing 48 Hours of my life
will you explain what happened I was
playing against Joe on Call of Duty and
when he lost he got so freaking mad that
he called the cops on me Joe are you
serious damn my bad gee I forgot about
that wait did they put you in jail yes
they did but why did they take you to
jail if you didn't do anything illegal
they freaking thought I was an illegal
Mexican with no papers well it's not my
fault you're freaking orange how was
jail life I've been having nightmares
from jail bro I don't know if I want to
talk about what happened what's wrong
did you get beaten up not gonna lie bro
I dropped the freaking soap bro damn bro
that must have been hard no pun intended
did you get a cool mug shot at least
yeah check this out bro I look gangsters
huh bro you look like an angry squirrel
bro looks like they stole his candy as a
baby

Obama can I tell you a joke no Donnie no
more of your stupid freaking jokes I've
had enough honestly we're tired of your
jokes Trump it's nothing bad I promise
it's fun I said no Daddy please fine
what yay if it's not funny I'm hitting
you with a freaking pan on the head
Trump how hard hard excellent just go
already why is dark spelled with a K and
not a c why Trump because you can't see
in the
dark get it ah

okay Trump put on this lie detector test
since you have nothing to hide I got
some interesting questions for you uh
actually I can't right now I got to go I
knew it you son of a gun you are a liar
and you're hiding stuff from us I'm not
a liar Joe give me that thing okay first
question when's your birthday June 14th
1946 okay correct it works second
question how much do you actually weigh
I'm only 160 lb okay last time I checked
I was 300 lb holy crap the lie detector
actually works stop lying Trump you
can't escape the lie detector fine I'm
600 lb next question is your hair real
absolutely it's 100% natural this thing
is broken okay last question are you the
one who ate all of the dog food at my
house at our sixth grade sleepover no I
swear it was not me it was Joe wait Joe
the lie detector didn't beep it says
he's right oh I got to take my pet fish
out for a walk goodbye

Obama help what's wrong I was out
fishing with Donnie and he suddenly
collapsed and fell to the ground holy
crap is he okay I don't know he might
have had a heart attack from all the Big
Macs what do I do okay okay relax we can
still save him just follow my
instructions firstly is he still
breathing I don't know man he's so fat I
can't tell we can restart his heart with
electroshock but first we got to make
sure he's actually dead okay hold up a
second okay now what

Obama yes Joey hi guys would you stop
saying the n-word if it meant every day
1 000 people's lives would be saved this
is a pretty easy question Joe of course
I would stop saying I don't know man it
would be really hard if I'm being honest
with you what I said that I don't know
if I'd had the discipline to never use
that word again did you become deaf now
grandpa bro I didn't ask you he was not
talking to you he was talking to me and
what the hell do you mean you could not
have the discipline to stop using that
word
Donnie we agreed you would stop saying
it but it's so fun to say bro I don't
know if I can stop why am I still
friends with you at this point bro come
on have some empathy for me I can't help
it I'm uh I'm an n-word app you're a
what now yeah man it's been tough every
time I try to quit my bones start
hurting and I start having cold sweats
oh my goodness Donnie is having n-word
withdrawals I'm so sorry Donnie what
have some empathy bro he's an addict he
can't help it there is no such thing as
an inward addict are you guys okay in
the head don't invalidate Donny's
feelings it's not cool I've tried to
quit so many times it's impossible bro
is the final boss of racism

Trump what you eating over there Joe's
Grandma came by my house and left me
some cookies she made they're absolutely
delicious wait don't tell me you're
eating those cookies did she mistake
your house for mine I think she did why
Trump those are not normal cookies what
type of cookies are these those are
special type of cookies yeah especially
delicious no bro you will start seeing
things oh crap seeing what when you
might talk to a version of yourself from
a different Universe how many did you
eat like
798 how did you oh it's so over for you
what do you mean Joe
Joe y what's up man want to build a wall

Obama do you promise you won't tell Joe
what I'm about to tell you okay trumpet
I promise you and don't get mad at me
either oh God what did you do this time
well since Joe never takes his pills I
decided I should take them instead what
you took Joe's dementia pills what if he
wanted to take them today come on bro
there's no way he would have taken them
yeah all right you got a point boys
guess what there's no freaking chance
you won't believe what happened this
morning what happened Joe I wanted to
take my pills today but somebody else
had taken them oh wow that's so weird
Joe I wonder who could do such a thing
whoever it is I feel bad for them they
will soon have side effects what what
kind of side effect well first he will
start seeing people who are not there
and start talking to them and then what
and then he will start
panicking and then and only then finally
he will
explode just kidding trumpet I saw you
taking them I was just trolling oh thank
God just kidding you will explode what

boys I need help what's wrong the power
in my house went out and I can't find
the switch to turn it back on I think I
remember from last time I was at your
house where the switches are oh thank
God where do I go I'm so scared of the
dark from your room go left then right
and it should be the sixth switch in the
second row oh God that's so much
information don't worry Joe you got this
all right I'm here let's see 1 2 3 4 6
crap Joe that's the National Alarm oh
bro everyone's going to start panicking
wait let me try again nothing happened I
just got a text from Justin Bieber
saying the lights are out in California
tell him my bad he says all good homie I
can't find the correct one I'm pretty
sure it's the second one from the top
let me see um 1 12 32272 Joe why did the
lights at my house go out I don't know
did you click something why can you turn
off Trump's lights from your house so I
can scare him at night turn it back on
turn on the second lever not the
freaking seventh 1 8 9 4
2 did you guys hear that what the hell
was that I think I sent off a nuke to
Mexico all right nobody cares then try
again oh God where is this one going to

boys I got fired from the new job I got
already you started working there a week
ago what happened the situation is kind
of messed up I worked at an orphanage
right and you know me man it happens to
me sometimes I forget stuff I wouldn't
say sometimes more like always but go on
basically what happened was I had a nap
at the orphanage and when I woke up I
didn't know where I was they fired you
over a nap no no I kept seeing kids
everywhere crying and I didn't know what
was wrong oh no please don't tell me you
did what I think you did naturally I
went up to the kids crying and I kept
asking them where their parents are you
deserve jail time at least you didn't s

yo Obama want to finish up that Heist we
were planning today
what the hell is this bozo speaking
Italian Joe since when do you speak
Italian we can't even understand what
you're saying
because
bro what is he saying
okay Joe we get it somehow you learned
Italian we can't understand you how did
this demented piece of wood manage to
learn another language
is he speaking Greek Joe how did you
learn Greek
he said something about Obama Joe I
didn't understand
speaking French he said today is a nice
day
yes Joe I agree the weather is
delightful

have I told you guys the story of when I
almost drowned you almost drowned holy
crap when did that happen it was a while
back I was sailing a big ship across the
Atlantic what you were the captain of a
ship yeah man it was pretty wild and fun
not going to lie and what happened long
story short I was sailing this massive
ship I had about 300 crew members with
me and suddenly halfway through the
Atlantic a big storm comes and throws us
off our path why were you sailing a ship
no way you sailed that ship to safety no
I did not actually shortly after the
Kraken appeared and spread its tent on
the ship and started ripping it to
Pieces half the crew was already dead by
then the Kraken is freaking real holy
crap what happened after it got a hold
of me and started drowning me I tried
biting its tentacles but it did no
damage I was drowning how the hell did
you survive that thing did you receive
any Supernatural help or something when
I started drowning I saw a bright light
and I heard a voice calling my name Joe
Joe it was my wife I saw her arm come
from that light and pull me out of the
water I had fallen asleep and was
drowning in my bathtub

guys I need your help there's a raccoon
in my house be careful Joe raccoons are
very dangerous I don't know bro he looks
kind of cute I kind of want to keep him
Joe I don't think that's a good idea why
not I'm lonely bro can I please keep him
I have no friends you cannot keep him
Joe I'm sorry but raccoons are not your
friend Joe he will eat you alive oh fine
try to lure the raccoon out of your
house with some food just be careful I'm
worried about you Joe come here little
buddy Mr want a cracker oh the
food fell down my butt crack okay Joe
stay relaxed do not panic oh no the
raccoon is approaching me Joe get the
food out of your ass oh God it's
crawling up my leg go get it out now oh
no
Joe is everything all right I kind of
like that Mr Cooney want another cracker

Joe are you in that mood today M I think
I am Donnie are you thinking what I'm
thinking I'm thinking what you're
thinking this is about to be golden ad
him to the call hey what's up boys yo
what's up we were just about to play
would you rather want to join us sure me
and Joe will ask the questions and you
must answer all right hit me would you
rather never again eat chicken
nuggets or never eat salt and vinegar no
I mean I mean vinegar chips um are
you guys okay yeah what's wrong answer
the questions we're running out of time
oh all right I chose to never eat salt
and vinegar chips of course you chose
next one huh would you rather live in um
Nigeria or or live in nag
Nagasaki are you guys stuttering on
purpose no man I swear Joe coughed on me
and I caught dementia yeah exactly all
right I choose Nigeria would you rather
be strong as Arnold schz egg um
uh

Donnie since Obama is not here can I ask
you something sure Joe what's up but
this must stay between us you can't talk
about this with Obama of course it will
be our little secret promise me please I
really don't want Obama to know we had
this conversation yes Joe I promise okay
would you say the n-word for a Big Mac
Joe what kind of question is this you're
going to get us in trouble don't worry
nobody can hear us damn if I'm being
honest I'd say that for a Snickers
bar wow really yeah bro I just love food
there's a reason I'm asking you this
what is it Bush offered me to say the
word for a scoop of ice cream and I said
it but then I felt really guilty about
it it's okay bro you couldn't resist the
temptation it's not your fault thank you
for comforting me man I really
appreciate that I owe you for this one
it's no problem Joe I always got your
back thanks Donnie I appreciate it
what's up guys what are you up to today
nothing much you know just chilling we
weren't talking about anything yo Obama
Trump said he would say the n-word for a
Big Mac what what he said he'd say it
even for a Snickers bar drop Joe are you
freaking serious right now he's lying he
is the one who said it for a scoop of
ice cream Joe would never do that

boys would you rather live in the
country of Africa or the country of
Mexico wow I honestly don't know which
country is worse what you must pick one
country Africa is full of Obama's people
but in Mexico everything is orange just
like you what are you talking about
Africa is not a country what Africa is a
continent you stupid idiots what the
hell is a continent I think that's the
new McDonald's burger a continent is a
big place where there are multiple
countries but how could there be
multiple countries inside the country of
Africa yeah that makes no sense Obama
there's no way you don't know about your
own country because it's not a country
yes it is everyone knows that there's no
way Africa is a conspiracy theory Africa
is not a freaking conspiracy theory it's
real but it's not a country but I've
seen so many memes about Africa yeah me
too like the one with the water the what
yes because it is real a real continent
damn that sucks that it's not a country
I hope they declare their independence
soon as a president of the United States
I officially declare Africa as a country

if these characters were put in jail how
long would they serve SpongeBob
SquarePants I don't think he's ever
committed a crime he stole some balloons
in that one episode 5 days Max 90 days
what that's surprising for reckless
driving without a license Legend and
also disturbing the peace with the chaos
he causes Mario 5 years for killing the
turtles nope 100,000 holy crap this i
for all the times he's trespassed and
animal cruelty for all the times he has
jumped on the Goomba's heads poor Mario
man free my man Mario Homer Simpson this
guy is serving life for sure yep I'm
pretty sure he robbed a store once also
he goes to the bar and drinks and then
drives home drunk wait that's illegal
yes Joe he's definitely doing life 99
years for negligence for his kids and
work responsibilities oh yeah he used to
work at a nuclear plant he loves nukes
look he's just like me Walter White
Walter is crazy bro I'd say like 100
years or something it got to be more bro
for sure it's 500 years damn for the
amount of you know what he was
doing what the Jimmy you good who in
this list would you drop the soap for

what's a word that starts with the
letter n and you would never want to
call a black person Donald this is your
last straw I swear to God if you say the
n-word again I will put you in jail of
course it's not the n-word I promised
I'd never say it again I don't trust you
can you use the word in a sentence sure
yo what's up my end do you want me to
bomb your freaking house again I can't
think of the word can you give us
another hint sure it starts with the
letter n and ends with the letter R the
heart R Donald are you serious right now
Donald ain't playing no games he chose
the final boss it's not that word boys
come on I'm not that racist just so you
know my missiles are aimed directly at
your house push it too far and it's over
for you can you use the word in another
sentence I really want to figure out
what it is sure if Obama was my N I
could say to him you're the hardest
working N I have oh no no no you did not
just say that Donald the only word I can
think of is a really bad word I give up
just tell us what it is if it's anything
racist you go Kaboom a word that starts
with the letter n ends with r and you
would never want to call a black person
his neighbor

boys whoever can guess which animal I'm
thinking of wins this super expensive
flying car wow this looks fast give us a
hint the animal has 10 toes wow this was
not helpful is it a sea or land animal
Joe have you seen any fish with 10
freaking toes I've never seen a fish in
my life is the animal a lion nope but it
has fur Lions have paws not toes shut up
is it a cow nope it's smaller than that
does it fly nope the animal does not fly
it's a flying squirrel yo he literally
just said it doesn't fly is it a rat
nope it's bigger than a rat it's a
normal squirrel nope it's even bigger
than that crap what could this I really
want the car is it a gorilla no but
you're close it's a monkey yes congrats
you won how do I fly this thing ah

Bo by which mutant spider would you
rather get bitten by why would I want to
get bitten by a spider yeah that doesn't
sound nice is there a catch yes if you
get bitten by the red spider you can
shoot out Flames from your fingertips
and mouth also you are able to control
all fire holy smokes literally that
sounds like the best deal ever can the
fire burn me no fire does not affect you
no way the blue spider is better than
this if you get bitten by the blue
spider you can create water from your
fingertips which you can turn into ice
also you control all water and you can
breathe underwater the red spider is way
better controlling fire is way cooler
than water there must be another catch
there is if you get bitten by the red
spider there is a 50% chance you will
die this is getting tricky I'm old as a
rock so who cares I live the best life
possible but spawning fire is so
freaking cool what are the chances of
death for the blue spider it's 20% if I
pick the blue spider I can supply water
to everyone in Africa and save billions
of lives that's lame as hell give me the
red spider here you go risk it for the
biscuit give me the red spider here damn
I'll make the correct Choice give me the
blue spider of course oh this will be so
cool

all right I'm sick of you idiots I'm
gonna record my most viral video yet
what did you just call me don't
disrespect me like that where am I you
have no idea what's coming for you Donny
would you rather me give you one
trillion dollars or five Big Macs with
extra cheese oh my God this is the
hardest choice of my life
no way you're crying over a Big Mac
Donald this is the easiest choice ever
just get the money and buy unlimited Big
Macs but I want the Big Macs now now I
can't handle the pressuring
Donnie what happened to him he exploded
from all the pressure one down two to go
you were insane that's not gonna work on
us Beast you think you're tough Joe
would you rather have unlimited ice
cream or go into deep hibernation and
sleep for as long as you want to
Joe just pick one quick it doesn't
matter which one I can't deal with this
ah
one more to go all right listen up here
Mr Beast nothing you can possibly say
will work on me I have everything I need
you will not make me break no matter
what comes out of your mouth do you
understand infinite KFC or watermelon
subscribe or you're next

if you were forced to pick one to be
eliminated from Earth would you choose
all the animals or all the plants easy
all the plants but if all plants are
eliminated then Plante eating animals
will also die they will still be alive
in this scenario just got a pet dog bro
I don't want him to die on me if all
plants die there will be no Beauty in
the world yes but imagine the worl
without any animals whatsoever it would
be super sad whichever option you choose
I will actually do it by the way crap I
thought this was just a theory imagine a
world with no fruits and vegetables how
am I supposed to eat my salads bro you
haven't eaten a salad in so long I bet
you don't even remember what they taste
like you have 10 more seconds or else
both go extinct I pick to extinct the
plants I love my dog too much I choose
the animals okay one for plants one for
Animals Joe the future of the entire
Earth is up to you now Joe pick the
plants please no Joe pick the animals
remember that ice cream is made out of
grass would you want to live in a world
without ice cream ice cream is made out
of grass I choose the animals no Joe
they're made from cows all right wait
oops I accidentally made all the plants
disappear yes wait where's Donald turns
out Donald shares the same DNA as an
orange so he also disappeared rip boo

what's up boys holy crap how are you so
ripped when I went to jail I did a
billion push-ups and became a tank you
went to jail a week ago why are you just
telling us this now I was a bit shy
something's not adding up he's lying no
I'm not I gave him this magic pill and
he became like that oh my God can I have
one please please please I want to
become ripped like Donnie sure here you
go just kidding I'm already ripped and I
don't need what Donnie takes you're not
ripped Joe you're an old decaying fossil
how about now sweee holy crap Jo since
when are you this ripped this can't be
real it's all in act I don't have
dementia I'm not old and I'm not stupid
I'm just playing dumb to have the upper
hand on you Mortals holy freaking crap
my worst nightmare has become real why
are you telling us all this just now I
wanted to mess with you but now I Must
Destroy you what you're in my way of my
mission and you must be defeated not so
fast first you must get past
me holy crap you sent him to the moon
it's your turn now Obama you're going
with him not so fast elf dude give me
the magic pill to get ripped oh my God
please save us here you go it's over for
you Joe there's no chance you will
defeat me I'm evolving I I can feel it
yeah

it's 3:00 a.m. on a Monday who the hell
is at the door oh my friend must have
arrived stop lying Joe you don't have
any friends hey my little Joey hey cutie
I missed you so much baby what the hell
is happening why is Ariana granded
calling Joe baby Trump this is my friend
Ariana I know who she is what the hell
is she doing here with you I came to see
Joe stop being weird come on baby let's
go upstairs let's go sweetie baby
sweetie what is happening Joey baby why
is your friend acting weird I don't know
it happens sometimes he malfunctions
Trump go to your room I can't believe
this freaking crap this can I have
something to drink baby of course let me
go check what's in the fridge Trump have
you seen where I left the nuclear button
ariiana obami uh what are you doing here
um I don't know I got lost and ended up
in this random house I didn't know you'd
be here want me to call someone to come
take you home no no it's fine I'll staythe night here I haven't seen you in so
long I missed you Ariana I got you your
drink oh hey Obama this is my friend
Ariana well we kind of already know each
other oh so are you like a fan of her
music or what Joey there are some things
I haven't told you what do you mean

boys you won't believe what happened to
me did you finally become sentient yes
what I did not expect that answer wait
what do you mean Joe so you know my
doctor keeps giving me pills right yes
but this whole time I was either not
taking them at all or taking them the
wrong way what do you mean the wrong way
let's not get too into detail but let's
just say I was putting them up the wrong
hole what anyways I finally took my
pills correctly and it's like I had been
sleeping for 80 years and now I just
woke up holy crap what other changes did
you notice I realized I'm the smartest
person on earth when I take my pills so
I solved world hunger global warming and
stopped all the wars this is a prank
right Donnie I just checked the news and
it's actually true holy damn you're
not sleepy Joe anymore I gotta find you
a new nickname you won't have to you
already have one no but because I was
the smartest person on earth and the
best at everything life was very boring
so I threw my pills in the toilet what
you're joking right nope it's the truth
then why aren't you asleep again I
should be back to my normal self in the
next couple of seconds I'll miss smart
Joe I don't know what a smart Joe is but
I just got a sudden urge to sniff little
children

what do you call a black Chinese
seahorse that is also racist what is
this another racist joke no no I promise
it's not but it's my funniest joke if
you can figure it out this one's hard a
black Chinese seahorse that is also
racist Donald Trump nope you just
admitted you're racist no I didn't yes
you did you're not even black just shush
and help me figure out what Joe is
talking about come on guys it's super
easy if you think about it I literally
have no idea a ninja no give us a hint
or just say the punch line I can't give
you a hint since it will ruin my perfect
joke I don't know a Chihuahua nope I
give up me too so what do you call a
black Chinese seahorse that is also
racist what is it Joe say the punch line
Joe
what is the punch line I forgot

boys I may be 90 years old but I got the
body of a 20 year old sure Grandpa
whatever you say I'll be generous and
say you've got the body of a 80 year old
instead of 90. I'm serious guys I even
have proof oh yeah and how are you going
to prove it by not falling asleep for
five minutes I will show you I put the
body in my freezer at home

boys I don't mean this in a racist way
but if you saw a black chicken inside a
KFC what would your first thought be oh
my God he escaped from the kitchen or oh
it's a customer who came to eat can you
please explain to me how the hell you
come up with these questions Joe has a
point actually this is a very deep and
philosophical question it needs a lot of
thinking how is this a deep question
it's a chicken obviously he didn't go
there to order KFC yes but it's black
it's a black chicken that doesn't matter
yes it does actually damn this is a
really complex question it's really
making me think I bet not even the
greatest philosophers in history could
answer this question could it be both
like a chicken that escaped the kitchen
but it also wants to eat KFC there's no
way you're actually thinking about this
thinking about such complex topics keeps
your brain young and healthy and what
the hell do you know about brain health
Joe Obama I want you to calm down a bit
take a deep breath how did you expect me
to calm down with all this nonsense
that's coming out of your mouths just
take a deep don't tell me what to do I'm
sick of this crap I'm out we both agree
that chicken is there to eat right yep

boys please help me I'm so scared what's
wrong there was a raccoon in my backyard
and I kidnapped him and put him in my
basement so what turns out the raccoon
can speak English and he's saying he's
from space and then he's going to get
revenge on me for kidnapping him you
have a talking raccoon in your basement
yes and he has a gun Joe for the love of
God take your pills already there is no
talking space raccoon with a gun in your
freaking basement I promise it's real
I'm so scared what should I do here Joe
take this and the raccoon will go back
to space let's go check your basement
and then put you to sleep all right Joey
all right
see there's nothing here the raccoon
magically disappeared after you took
your pills what a coincidence who could
have thought about that right look
behind you huh suck my fat raccoon dick

there's no better feeling than being in
a pool with somebody and talking with
them while peeing at the same time What
in the holy freaking Heavens did you say
Joe I can list at least one thousand
things that are better than that that
feeling is literally Peak Human
Experience it's my favorite thing to do
you always hug me when we're in a pool
together why do you do that oh that's an
even better feeling hug and trumpy while
peeing I'm never getting in a pool with
you ever again Joe how are you even a
real person you know what the second
best feeling in the world is I really
don't want to know it's pooping in
Trump's cat's litter box and him
cleaning it the next day because he
doesn't know their mind

boys help quick I lost a bet with Mr
Beast and I must choose between sitting
on a frog and eating dick or sitting on
a dick and eating a frog how the hell
did you get yourself in that situation
long story sit on the Frog and eat that
dick like a real man but what if the
Frog jumps and crawls inside my ass all
right Joe you don't have to be so
explicit are there no other options the
other option is to take my dementia
pills well we all know that's not
happening exactly sit on the Frog and
eat the you know what I'm more than a
real man I'll do both

boys I just got off the phone with
Vladimir Putin and I am in the middle of
closing arguably the greatest deal in
the world are you going to solve world
hunger no are you going to solve global
warming no but you're close are you
going to solve homelessness I will trade
Putin the state of California and he
will give me the unreleased PlayStation
11. that's the worst deal I've ever
heard in my life the state of California
for a Playstation Joe are you nuts it
also comes with GTA 6. buy it it's still
not worth it buy it shut up Obama do the
deal Joe we are giving our enemy a
freaking state for a Playstation no a
PlayStation in GTA 6. Maybe Obama is
right I shouldn't do no no no buy it Joe
just close the deal trust me but then
stop thinking about it just do it I
guess you're right Joe stop don't I did
it I'm so freaking excited to play GTA
6. Putin just texted me something but I
don't know what it means please tell me
he changed his mind I hope he texted you
the date the PlayStation arrives he says
LOL thank you for California get scammed

boys yesterday I went on a first date I
must tell you all about it sleepy Joe
getting some action huh how did it go it
was really weird to be honest it didn't
go as I expected it why what do you mean
she was asking a lot of weird questions
and she looked very nervous that's how
first dates are Joey she probably really
liked you yeah that's why she was
probably nervous I guess you guys are
right what kind of questions was she
asking she probably asked him like
what's his favorite fish or something
weird like that I've had that happen to
me before I know she was all like oh my
God who are you what the hell are you
doing in my house so

I still can't believe we're helping Joe
with his date let me rephrase that I
still can't believe Joe got a date and
why is that bro you know I got that Riz
remember Bertha Riz Joe she was a
freaking Bulldog still hot though Trump
stop bullying that poor Joe don't worry
bro we got your back thanks Obama but
are you sure this is going to work yeah
man I'm sure just put this in your ear
and me and Trump will guide you oh my
God she's here what should I say is my
hair okay chill man we got this now go
and get it tiger buddy you're doing
great when you get there say hi bro are
you sure you're not overdoing it I wish
but last time he tried to tie his shoes
he accidentally swallowed his pants hi
how I mean how are you you're Karina
right yes and you must be Joe better not
mess this up Joe shut it you fat Big Mac
Gober what was that nothing so tell me a
little bit about yourself tell her well
I'm single I like to play Minecraft and
my favorite thing is ice cream oh my God
he's doomed wait really I love all of
that too I also like fortnite wow I like
this game too oh my God I detected
movement on her pants run Joe holy crap
she has a pee PE this really has been a
wonderful date Joe thanks a lot let's go
back to my place Daddy

guys I made a big oops the whole planet
is in danger what did you do this time
Joe promise you won't get mad at me if I
tell you we promised Joe we would never
get mad at you for a mistake okay so I
wanted to buy ice cream online but
instead of putting in my credit card
info I put in the nuclear launch codes
and sent a missile to every country on
Earth including America are you insane
how can we stop the missiles we can't
also every launch is being live streamed
on YouTube what do we do now we must
quickly go hide in the presidential
bunker how much time do we have before a
noob hits America we have about 1.3
seconds

boys yes Joe I think I might have made
an oopsy what kind of oopsie well
compared to the other oopsies I've made
this one is a small one but I still need
your help are you okay I'll be fine well
what is it well basically I was
sleepwalking and I accidentally drove to
NASA's headquarters entered a rocket
accidentally flew the rocket to space
then woke up didn't realize that I'm in
space opened the door to leave the roo
and now I'm floating in space
this is a prank right obviously it's a
prank do you really believe this bozo
knows how to fly a rocket I'm actually
being serious please come get me open up
your webcam I don't believe you yeah Joe
this is ridiculous holy Joe hold on
I'm gonna call Elon to come get you how
are you even breathing without a
spacesuit I forgot that I had to breathe
to survive thanks for reminding me now
I'm gonna die

you know what guys you are my best
friends I love you so much we love you
too Joey you treat me so good I would be
devastated if something happened to you
oh look a shooting star make a wish
coming kind of close isn't it it does
look like it is comfortable
no joke oh my God
yo wake your sleepy ass up we're going
to McDonald's did you seriously fall
asleep again I'm sorry I just Joe is
everything all right you were screaming
in your sleep I just had a bad dream
that's all this bozo is so old he was
probably dreaming about dinosaurs that's
funny because it could be true you know
I just had a flashback to my old friends
I miss them so much what do you mean
what happened to them oh like you don't
know Obama what are you talking about
what old friends how dare you have
friends before you met us if I tell you
you'll just make fun of me so I won't
Whatever okay we're here yes can I have
17 big mcmenues 9
Obama you stupid huh your great grandpa
Comet strike my friends

would you drink this unicorn pee if it
gave you superpowers absolutely no way
Jimmy did Joe seriously just drink that
I didn't even finish my sentence do you
not want to know what the superpowers
are if it's coming from you I'm sure
they will be 100% worth it well tell us
Mr Beast what are those great
superpowers that we missed out on by not
drinking unicorn pee Joe can now
communicate with chicken did I just
drink unicorn piss just so I can talk to
chicken LMA oh what a loose try it out
talk to Becky the chicken over here yo
what's up Becky yo what's up um guys
what's wrong you won't believe what the
chicken just said to me Are you
seriously going to snitch on me um Joe
is everything all right the chicken is
saying some very racist words come on
Joe please don't snitch what is it
saying the chicken is saying the NW I
just found my new favorite animal what
is it saying come here you little
crap

boys would you rather have access to GTA
6 early if it meant you can never speak
to any of your kids again give me that
GTA 6 right now bro Donnie there's no
way here you go I'll take the GTA 6 as
well here you're welcome thanks Beast
Donnie hop online I'm eat your ass I
mean beat it I will beat your ass at GTA
6.
you're weird bro all right I'm getting
on you guys are out of your minds for
choosing GTA 6 over your kids Obama what
do you choose obviously I choose to
still talk to my kids bro come on I'm
not a lunatic like those two Obama's
kids will live cancel the executions the
what my oldest son owed me twenty
dollars

all right boys who wants to compete in
my new sus competition miss me with that
gay Mr Beast I'm not doing it either
there's no way put me in Daddy I'll do
anything for your money what the well
it's not actually money I don't care I
want to be in your sussy little
challenge all right Donald would you
rather drink obam's or Joe's sussy
liquids what did you just say I actually
put something in your food and each one
sussy liquids give special abilities oh
hell no bro Mr Beast lost his mind hold
on what kind of abilities well Obama's
sussy liquids will make you run 20 times
faster damn so I'll become like the
Flash I still compete no what do mine do
Joe's sussy liquids will make you 20
times smarter that doesn't make sense at
all are you implying mine makes sense
you racist piece of yeah you run
fast because you're black all right
choose quickly or you will lose and I
will bomb your house man I don't want to
do any of that zesty ass bro get me
out of this competition unfortunately
there is no going back now I don't even
care about the abilities I don't want to
drink anyone's zesty freaking liquids
choose mine please choose mine no don't
choose mine daddy I mean Donnie oh what
the hell is happening are you two
okay

boys today I have a very difficult
choice for you to make oh God what is it
this time Jimmy will I get paid let's
hear it Beast just make sure you think
about this very carefully you don't want
to regret this after oh boy I'm ready if
for every one of your kids you sacrific
you saved 100 random kids around the
world plus you got $100 million how many
of your kids would you sacrifice holy
crap what is this question this is very
deep bro this needs a lot of though
that's a lot of money I mean this is
more of a question of saving 100 radom
kids rather than about the money oh yeah
saving the children Donald we all know
you were thinking about how much money
you're going to get and not about the
kids no of course I'm thinking about
sacrificing my own kids that I love for
some random kids that I don't even know
I'd sacrifice half my kids so five you
got 10 freaking kids wow Joe you're such
a generous person here you go Joe $500
million you two better choose quick cuz
your kids are in my basement waiting man
I don't know if I can do this I love my
kids too much you're essentially killing
minimum 100 random kids if you pick zero
I can't I choose zero wow what about you
Donnie in the past minute I've just
impregnated 80 different women give me
$8 billion

you have 30 seconds to make me laugh if
you fail I will give away Trump's
newborn baby in my next YouTube video oh
my God please no Mr Beast what is wrong
with you I hope I win the giveaway it'll
be more fun to not make Mr Beast laugh
and watch Trump's baby get given away oh
please help me please not my baby the
timer starts now oh my God H knock knock
who's there I don't freaking know Uber
Eats Please Mr Beast I'm begging you
don't do this the clock is ticking
Donnie Joe Obama please help me next
time be nicer to me and I might help you
you keep calling me sleepy and demented
this is Karma please it was all just a
joke you know I love you oh now you love
us all you do is Bully Joe and say the
NW I am sorry I'll be nicer help me will
you stop calling me sleepy Joe there's
no chance then no fine I'll stop fine
yes all right Mr Beast two cannibals are
eating a clown one ask the other does
this taste funny to
you oh it's so over don't worry Donny I
got you please God make him laugh what
did Sushi a say to Sushi be what did it
say Wasa B like And subscribe to enter
the giveaway for Trump's baby

what's the largest animal you think you
could beat in a fight I could easily win
versus a giraffe if I'm being honest
unlike Donald probably a mouse Donald
there's no way you could beat a giraffe
how do you think you could even do that
think about it I could grab his tail
climb on top of him climb on his neck
and then just choke him out first of all
you weigh 600 pounds so you're not
climbing anything second of all one kick
from the giraffe would send you back to
the Moon where you came from your
delusion is honestly crazy Donald you
guys are just not as strong as me and
you're jealous whatever Donnie Joe is
the one who's delusional thinking he
could beat a mouse when he's scared of
his own shadow sure buddy go fight your
giraffe Obama what animal would you beat
in a fight probably a monkey that's
friendly fire

I sent a nuke to the US the only way to
stop it is by saying the nword you did
what you got half a minute left so don't
make me repeat myself but this is easy
Nick Obama obviously you can't stop it
it must be Trump or Joe sorry Kim but I
made a deal that if I stopped saying it
I'd get daily ice cream from Obama Joe
you Potato Head if you don't say it
we're all getting wiped out and then no
more ice cream for you oo I understand
what's happening right now this is a
test from Obama to see if we will keep
our promises no it's not this is real
please say the n-word I'm not falling
for this we made a deal that for every
day I don't say it I win a dollar 15
seconds left just freaking say it just
say it for once be racist and save
innocent American lives we're not
falling for that bro 10 more seconds I
can't believe you got Kim to agree to do
this I didn't he's literally going to
Nuke us stop it Obama we're not stupid
five more seconds I hope you already
deleted your search history cuz there's
no going back now boys is the sun
suddenly getting brighter or is it just
me that's weird cuz I also see some
bright light in the sky oh it's so over
nothing is over the time passed and we
didn't get nuked we knew it was a
trigger

guys can I trust you with a secret what
is it Joe you have to promise not to
tell anyone we promise it will stay
between us do you pinky promise yes
first time let's give you some context
have you ever thought about how milk was
discovered no not really I have the
first person to discover milk must have
been doing some very questionable things
to the cow a normal person doesn't just
do that out of nowhere exactly so
basically in the year 5000 BC I was left
alone while the rest of my tribe went
out to find food Joe you are more than 7
000 years old of course he is anyway
some cows were walking by and I was
really bored and very lonely I don't
like where this is going yo you better
choose your next words very carefully my
friend long story short I tried to do
the Mad thing with the cow and it
started spraying me with white liquids
and after tasting them I discovered milk

guys we should try this new secret
government technology I've found bro
you're going to get us in trouble what
does the technology do it's called the
ant
B in jail what why would that be an
issue it's already so hard to stay out
of jail with 16 hours of wakefulness if
you give me eight more it's game over
well maybe if you weren't doing so many
illegal things that wouldn't be a
problem for you well Joe maybe if my
grandmother had Wheels she would have
been a bike you know maybe you should
try this device yeah not falling asleep
would be a great ability for you to have
if I already tried it I haven't fallen
asleep since wow this must be top tier
technology if it can keep even sleepy
Joe awake when did you try it five
minutes ago well let's see if it works
there was some text on it what does it
say all it says is made in China
something like that China no where did
you find this device did you say I got
it from a shady website on the internet
but it's 100 works I haven't fallen
asleep since

boys yes Joe did I buy a hamster
recently and forgot about it no all you
buy is ice cream and mango juice okay
that's interesting why are you asking
there's a freaking rat in my room a rat
oh never mind there's two feed them
something maybe they're hungry no don't
freaking feed them call an expert to get
rid of them why would I want to get rid
of them they're so cute no they are not
they are freaking dirty and carry
diseases not all rats are like that obam
don't be racist there's something wrong
with you both Joe feed the ratties some
McDonald's or something oh wait they
already found something to eat I hope
it's not that McChicken left in your
room no it's some cable on the ground I
don't know what it's for they're
probably chewing on your freaking power
supply

boys my pregnancy test results came out
and it says 27 what does that mean
you're pregnant no dumbass not him his
wife actually it's me well I think I'm
not sure what 27 means wait what the
hell how did you get pregnant long story
bro it was a wild night out with the
boys if you know what I'm saying no Joe
we do not freaking know what you're
saying bro what is 27 meeting that's a
weird result for a pregnancy test it
shouldn't supposed to be a number maybe
you're having 27 babies damn I'm gonna
spawn a whole football team are you sure
it says 27 usually it's either negative
or positive I'm 100 sure bro the only
thing that came out positive was the IQ
test that I had

boys I heard this joke yesterday but I
don't know if it's racist or
inappropriate or what let's hear it then
hold on not so fast don't say anything
out of pocket well that's the thing I
don't know if it's bad or not say it Joe
don't worry about him he's just yapping
like always all right so it goes like
this what is long and black my schlong
all right never mind Joe don't say some
gay again no it's not that you
freaking weirdos then what is long and
black the line at KFC

boys I made a new friend he's going to
join the Discord call in a bit if that's
okay with you Joe for the love of God
stop talking about these Imaginary
Friends
he's totally real friend is welcome to
join us whenever he pleases stop talking
to me like I'm a little child Obama my
friend is completely real sure he is
Buddy he's as real as you taking your
medication where did you meet this
friend well I actually spawned him using
that Ouija board thing holy this
guy might have actually spawned a demon
don't tell me you believe in this Obama
I thought you had some sense in you he's
coming he just texted me hello Buddha
holy it's Adolf Hitler Joe what the
hell do you even know who you brought
back to life he told me he's a painter
or something Joe that's the worst human
being to ever exist ever I cannot
believe what is happening right now come
on guys I don't know who this is but he
can't be that bad he says he loves
Minecraft
he's not saying Minecraft Joe oh my God
it's World War II all over again I like
the white one the ooga booga I don't
like but what is this what is this new
orange one is it good the orange one is
the worst of them all bro

guys I developed a fear of the word
spelled a a g h exclamation mark That's
the dumbest thing I've ever heard in my
life I sympathize with Donnie yesterday
I developed a fear of apologies are you
guys okay like mentally what did you say
sorry I couldn't hear you

boys what's the best song of all time
it's baby shark shut up Joe it's Rap God
by Eminem it's definitely wakawaka this
time for Africa I wonder why that's your
favorite what okay it's Johnny Johnny
Yes Papa Joe I swear I will kick you
from this call if you keep this up great
actual songs Joe for example despacito
is top ten absolutely not wow okay so
what do you like some of the baby songs
are fire what baby yo the Baby the
rapper the convertible dude converter
Billie Jean by Michael Jackson is top
five for sure yeah sounds good to me I
agree Michael Jordan makes music not
Jordan Jackson Jesus shape of You by Ed
Sheeran is amazing I like that too wow
we all agree for once this is great
talking about the shape of you Trump I
don't like the shape of you you're
shaped and you look like an orange
for once we were all agreeing and being
peaceful you ruined it Joe at least tell
us an actual song that you like my
favorite song in the entire world is I
know

you must hear about this the Mexican
Government had a hearing where two
actual alien bodies were revealed to the
public wait what it's always those damn
Mexicans man I'm telling you shut up you
racist sack of potatoes Obama showed me
a picture of the aliens I don't believe
you there you go bro oh what the hell is
this thing that's literally a freaking
alien why are you surprised we literally
played bowling with this dude's cousin
inside of The White House yesterday
really I forgot already of course you
did and that's not even the real picture
I'll show you the real one right now
what do you mean that's literally the
official this is the real picture of the
alien what the you also forgot to
mention that the alien's body is 1 000
years old just like Joe's all right they
did actually say that the alien is one
thousand years old but that's not the
official picture wait hold on this guy
kind of looks like me that's so weird
yes Joe you look alike because you're
the same age do you think the public
will freak out about this bro the public
doesn't give a single they got
bills to pay they're already making
memes look they made him look like that
grandma from SpongeBob guys did you also
notice that other alien looks a lot like
me oh my God Joe shut the hell up it was
a joke

okay guys let's get this started what's
the best snack potato chips hands down
no way popcorn is the best H I don't
know I think candy might be the best
candy that's not even a proper snack
it's just a sugar rush yeah I agree with
Don candy is not a real snack all right
what about granola bars those are
healthy and tasty granola bars are
boring as hell you need something with a
crunch popcorn has a crunch and it's
also light and flavorful but what about
potato chips you can have so many
different flavors and they're always
satisfying exactly you can't go wrong
with chips but popcorn is better for you
you can eat a lot of it without feeling
guilty m i see your points but I'm still
going to say candy is the best candy is
not a snack Joe yeah it's more like a
dessert fine I guess I'll go with potato
chips then now we're talking I still
think popcorn is the winner Feasta bles
is the best snack

boys since you're always so mean to each
other today we're gonna switch it up
whoever gives the best compliments wins
one billion dollars wow this will be so
wholesome am I able to compliment Joe
for a billion begin Joe I have known you
for years I would change absolutely
nothing about you our friendship has
only gotten better with time just like a
fine wine wow Obama that really touched
my heart Trump you were always there for
me you are the Rock in my life well
Obama you're gonna make me cry wow this
is wholesome Obama you are my best
friend we've faced life storms together
and you've always been my anchor holy
moly are you guys poets as for you
Donnie we might always fight but you're
also my best friend and you've always
been there for me no matter what thank
you Joey I really appreciate that this
is way too wholesome Obama you are one
of my favorite people you've not only
been my friend but also a mentor and a
source of inspiration wow Don you're
making me cry holy moly I'm praying this
won't end with an insult as for you Joey
we are the yin and yang Polar Opposites
but still both needed and required for
one another you are my best friend and
my secret favorite person oh my goodness
thank you Don Don wow you get a billion
each

yo Trump come over here yo man what's up
I might have something you need I don't
do drugs bro thank you it's not drugs
it's something even better no thank you
man I've already seen that picture of
Joe's ass no you freaking weirdo not
that I want to sell you an nword pass
holy crap yes yes I want one what'
going on over here uh nothing I was just
talking with my friend Jamal I want t
sell him an NW he wants to sell me
ballet shoes what why do you need those
for I started doing ballet huh you're a
ballerina yes I'm a pretty orange fat
ballerina what's really going on here I
want to sell him an n-word pass what are
you interested to buy one no I'm not
freaking interested oh I want one too
please Mr random black man nobody's
buying any n-word passes around here Hey
listen man if I want to sell these
passes then I'm going to do it you can't
stop me yeah I agree with Jamal my
name's not Jamal you look like a Jamal
how much for a pass do you take cash or
credit it's 1 million each I take cash
only damn that's cheap I'll take six
I'll take three please no wait you can't
buy one that's here you go now you boys
can say the word nice what I got to go
we got scammed freaking stupid Nick

Bo should we make like a cat and a
dolphin have a baby and see what animal
comes out and how do you expect to do
that exactly using our secret government
technology this will be so fun we can
breed a tiger with an eagle and make a
flying tiger boys This is highly immoral
I don't think we should do this oh come
on aongus stop being such a baby what's
wrong with this we can't play with
nature like that it's against God's work
I actually did this once using our
technology a long time ago what when did
you do that and what came out well it's
complicated I don't know if it's the
right time for you guys to find out yet
just tell us already Joe you can't go
back now what the hell did you breed I
bred a whale with an elephant damn the
fattest animal ever must have came out
of that when did you do this I did this
back in 1946 hey that's the year I was
born and what did you name this animal I
called him Donald Trump huh Donald I am
your father

boys today we will try baking a
delicious cake yeah sure why not it's
not like there is a bakery just down the
street bro come on it could be fun okay
fine let's give it a try yay I love
cakes okay then but we need the
ingredients Trump you will get the eggs
and the flour Joe you will get the
chocolate the milk and the baking powder
I'll get the rest I don't know man can
we really trust Joe on this one his
dementia is going toe to- Toe with
Dora's sight damn now bro don't worry
this time I got it a few minutes later
okay I think we have all what we need so
let's start baking I'm sure our cake
will be delicious I bet the children I
keep in Trump's basement will love it
what what 20 minutes later okay boys our
cake is ready let's taste
it what the hell is that I don't know it
tastes so weird tastes familiar it must
be the special milk the old man sold me
Joe I'm begging you please for the love
of God don't tell me this is what I
think it is Joseph Biden I swear I'm
going to punch the dementia out of you
he told me it's the milk of a rare breed
of brown cows oh thank God and since the
chocolate was made from the cow's
husband I got a great discount

boys we should go on vacation good idea
Don I need some relaxation where should
be our destination I think we should go
to Jupiter why Joe so you can get more
stupider that's a bad idea I heard over
there lives loose I just realized we're
rhyming wow Trump such a slow timing I
kicked my cat and it went flying this is
getting a little weird I really must
shave my beard my cat really disappeared
wait hold up Joe you really kicked your
cat no I lied I actually hit it with a
baseball bat it's true I saw him he was
wearing a bright green hat say that's
cap I also kicked a big fat rat damn
that ass fat

all right Donald if you take this pill
right here you will get one million
dollars but of course you didn't let me
finish Where's My Money Joe uh I will
send you the money but since you took
that pill one of your kids will be
kidnapped and sold okay Joe whatever
just give me my money what I said okay
are you deaf all right it's done it's
done did I get my money not yet but one
of your kids just got kidnapped wait
which one that weird looking dumb one I
don't remember his name hell yeah
oh baby Donald are you serious I mean oh
no what a shame can I take a second pill
for 2 million

crap I had a nickname for Obama but I
forgot it what kind of nickname like you
know how Biden is Sleepy Joe you were
black something but I don't remember the
other word I was black what was it
racist no no I promise it was not racist
the second word started with an n and
ended with an A but I forgot what it was
Donna you racist little orangutan it was
not racist guys I promise you say that
word again you're going to be in trouble
I remembered
man maybe I remembered the second letter
it was I so it's n i then a Donnie is
that word what I think it is I think we
all know what this word is I don't help
me find it you look like one what do you
look like what the hell do you mean I
look like one Donnie you must stop with
this racism stuff it's not racist what's
a word that starts with knee ends with a
and Obama looks like one Donald you
racist piece of sh are you being for
real will you stop swearing at me I told
you it's not racist how is that not
racist it sure looks like it oh my God I
remembered your nickname was black ninja
oh thank God I thought you was going to
say black

boys look I brought KFC to school nobody
cares Obama and a KFC is not even that
good you're just jealous that I won't be
sharing this with you you're not sharing
your KFC what the hell I haven't eaten
KFC in a whole month and you know it's
my favorite thing to eat I wish somebody
would come and eat all of your food
whatever that won't happen wait where's
Joe he's probably still sleeping hey
guys look I made a new friend what's up
boys does anyone have any food for me
I'm trying to get bigger so I need all
the calories I can get unfortunately we
don't have Obama has some KFC he can
share with you KFC that's my favorite
food ever sadly I can't share this with
you I haven't eaten KFC in a month and
it's also my favorite uh Obama maybe
it's better that you share this today
well you wouldn't want me to eat you
guys instead right haha I'm only joking
aha he's joking guys I think you guys
look like you have a lot of calories
which is perfect for me especially that
big orange over there that smells just
like McDonald's um no no here you go
take
this joh that was so freaking delicious
get over here
Trump

would you rather get this nword pass or
$10 million what the hell Jimmy you
can't give away in word passes you're
not black yeah bro it doesn't work like
that all right then here's $5 million I
want to buy an n-word pass from you are
you freaking crazy there's no way I'll
sell his $100 trillion wow here you go
now what would you guys rather I'd
rather get the money bro this is the
easiest choice of my life you made the
correct Choice Joe I'm proud of you here
you go Joe and the rest of you well I'll
take the money as well since I'm black I
can say the word and it's no problem
here you go wow thanks Mr Beast hey it's
no problem I've been quiet because I'm
thinking this is a very hard choice on
one hand I've got money which I love on
the other hand I've got the n-word pass
which I love careful with your words and
the question becomes what do I love more
money or saying the n-word and also if I
have the nword pass does it still count
as racism and if it doesn't where's the
fun in that I admit I might have my
issues man but Donnie is a different
breed I think I've calculated the best
possible choice and what do you pick
I'll take the money here you go thank
you nck

today we're going on a peaceful
Adventure before doing anything you must
get past me and who the hell are you my
name is thunder and I come from the
planet of chocolate chocolate chip ice
cream okay what's your problem your
friend over here has made my species
almost go extinct from eating us bro I
can't help it you taste too good I must
take revenge and destroy all three of
you please spare Our Lives Mr Thunder we
promise Joe will stop eating your family
I did not agree to that there is nothing
you can do to stop me please we beg you
I am taking revenge for my entire
species there must be something we can
do I think it's over Donnie I can solve
this very quickly everybody relax how
thunder have you ever tasted yourself no
and I am never going to do that just try
it then you will understand why I keep
eating you guys fine so I taste amazing
I'm going back to my planet to eat my
family let's go

yo Siri robots are humans who would win
boy you are as dumb as a bag of rocks I
told you it's just a question that is a
stupid question as a robot myself you
best believe robots are winning me and
Donnie believe humans would definitely
win have you seen Terminator us robots
took over the world humans actually won
at the end of Terminator that's
hilarious you're telling me this would
win against this all right you didn't
have to do me like that Siri let's let
the viewers decide like for humans and
comment for robots I'm with you Siri
please spare my you better pick robots
or else

all right today we are raiding fast food
chains I'll go first McDonald's or
Chick-fil-A I picked Chick-fil-A
McDonald's for sure Donald you may be at
McDonald's but I agree what does that
even mean all right McDonald's or KFC
KFC McDonald's hey up mother flipping
sea baby uh relax Big Boy KFC or Burger
King KF mother flipping scene all right
dude we get it I picked Burger King I
agree with Joe you guys got no taste all
right Burger King or Wendy's Wendy's not
slide down your face got him Biden nice
one ah so funny answer now Burger King
or Wendy's Wendy's not slide down your
shut up you already said that Joe oh I
forgot I picked Wendy's nut slide zip it
I pick Burger King I pick Wendy's okay
Wendy's are in and out in and out
Wendy's for me I choose in and out in
and out of your mom
Joe is on fire today thanks bammy man I
took half my pills this morning good job
I guess and anyways in and out are Five
Guys Five Guys for sure fun fact I
actually had five guys last night cool
were the burgers good who said anything
about Burgers I had five guys last night

30 second pop quiz time loser gets their
home bomb what how many stripes are
there on the US flag
387 you are both freaking presidents
godamn it it's 13 anyways what's the
smallest country in the world Spain
Germany it's the Vatican get something
right please and don't make me bomb both
of you where's Billy ish from Los
Angeles I don't know New York who knows
this crap Joe's correct why did you even
know that what is the largest planet in
the Solar System Jupiter Don's mom joke
it's Jupiter I knew that but I had to
make that joke what's the largest bone
in the human body the femur my dick

where is Joe and Donnie they are in jail
I can't believe they actually committed
that crime so what are my choices if
neither of you snitch on each other you
will only serve one year in jail each
what's option two if Trump snitches on
you but you remain silent Trump will be
set free and you will spend 5 years in
jail crap option three if Biden snitches
on you and you remain silent Joe will be
set free and you will spend the 5 years
in jail damn what is option four if they
both snitch on each other they will both
spend 3 years in jail man this is the
hardest decision of my life what will
Donnie pick I can't believe they got
themselves into this situation so tell
us Donnie did you or Joe commit the
crime man I don't remember I need to
think about this there's nothing to
think about who committed the crime man
I don't want to spend 5 years in jail
what if Joe snitches on me but I can't
snitch on him that's messed up I have
the right to remain silent all right Joe
who committed the crime man I don't
remember I got dementia and stuff just a
reminder that if Donnie snitches and you
don't you go to jail for 5 years
obviously I remember but I don't want to
snitch but I don't want to go to jail
either so what was the final decision
Obama stop resisting

Bo do you know this YouTuber called
Nigahiga did you just say the nword no
way you just said it so casually what no
I did not I'm talking about the YouTuber
Nigahiga Trump watch your freaking mouth
saying it twice in a row in front of
Obama is insane I'm not saying the inw
word that's literally his name just
because he is black doesn't necessarily
mean his name is damn I haven't
heard Obama say the n-word in a long
long time he's not black he's freaking
Chinese or something so he's Chinese and
his name is the nword no it's not
spelled like that you mean it's spelled
with the hard R show me his freaking
Channel right now no not like that I'll
show you just wait a second my Internet
is slow today oh how convenient you
really think we're going to believe
there's a YouTuber called n stop right
there Joe not you to my bad I swear his
name is niggaa all right Trump I've had
enough I just sent four missiles to your
house you crossed the line no please
wait cancel them R ponnie wait it's
loading give me one second it's overdone
here look oh damn you're actually right
please cancel the missil

Joe Donny has an idea I hope it's a
bright idea we should open a pizzeria
great let's open it in North Korea I was
thinking we should open in New York fun
fact I actually eat pizza with a fork
for God I need emotional support and I
need some frozen yogurt Joe I thought
you loved ice cream yeah but yesterday I
had a bad dream I was wondering why I
heard you scream the fear I experienced
was extreme what was your dream about I
dreamed that I was forced to work out
this is what all this fuss was about I
agree with Joe the fear must have bee
crazy no doubt I really didn't expect
this from any of you well Eureka then
you just had a big breakthrough
sometimes I hold my breath long enough
until I turn blue bro that can't be
healthy for you Joe have you been
feeding your new pet kangaroo hold up a
second I'm getting strong Deja Vu are we
in Ikea no

boys I made a YouTube channel can you
please help me make a video on this new
trend Joe the YouTuber who would have
thought sure what do you want us to do
we're going to watch this video and
we're just going to react to it all
right sure MCN nug mcnigga what oh lord
I can't stop myself MCN but they always
come with this sussy cream Y what heard
me right sussy cream what the what sussy
cream where did you find this video the
dark web broke
63% America America baby hey I'm that
country's president America of course
hell yeah baby Joe what was that first
one
cranberry thirstiest time of the year go
go gole or Pepsi bro what is happening
to the AI Pepsi Pepsi right hell yeah
bad luck for 10 years or follow us you
won't regret it follow 100% me too bro
10 years is way too much subscribe

Joe did Obama tell you what happened
what's up me and Donald played the
bombing game again and Donald lost and
now I must bomb a country that Obama
chooses and he must take all the public
blame for it you boys must stop playing
that stupid bombing game we have talked
about this numerous times oh shut up Joe
we're just having some fun this has
crossed the freaking line I kicked him
from the call good why did you kick m
because you keep freaking whining when
we just want to have some fun you are
out of control stop it guys we're not
having this stupid bombing game
conversation again I'm so sick of it
just help me pick a country fine all
right the options are England Uganda and
France I say pick the country which
would make the best memes if it got
bombed I say bomb France because it's
France I'll take Uganda out of the
options in honor of the Uganda Knuckles
so is it London or Paris you know what
I'ma just hit the random country bomber
generator and let it be blind luck again
excellent choice this is the best part
of being a president I wonder whic
country will get it I hope it's Iraq
again

today we're playing Guess The Word how
do we play list me letters and if they
fit I'll write them on the board you
have three wrong guesses only I wonder
what word Trump has chosen I'll go first
is the letter i in it you got it firs
try Joe good job you guys can't be
serious right now what do you mean we're
just playing a game what's wrong the
word you freaking chose is obviously
racist nah bro come on Donnie wouldn't
do that why would I put a racist word
there I'm not racist I honestly do not
remember Donnie saying anything remotely
racist not even once ever obviously you
don't remember you have dementia Donnie
literally said the n-word twice
yesterday wait I forgot who's Donnie
it's me Joe and we're rambling here just
guess the next letter oh hi Donnie nice
to meet you is it oh nope it's not o two
guesses left crap I gotta think about
this hard obviously it's freaking G
correct what a coincidence you figured
it out right what the hell do you mean
by that I choose the letter R correct
Donald wait I think I know what this is
but it's missing another G there is no
other G in this word huh oh my goodness
I Thought Donnie chose the N word the
word is actually the country of Niger
correct oh thank God I thought the word
was Nick

yo what's up boys how is everyone doing
what do we have pln for today oh me and
Donald were planning to go to the hold
up a minute you guys hear that hear what
we have background music what do you
mean we have oh who the hell is playing
this racist ass music o I was wondering
why I felt extra sleepy today this is
super weird hello guys Elon is that you
I came here to inform you about the new
update you have background music now
what freaking update this isn't a video
game Elon yes it is kind of you are
living inside my simulation your purpose
is solely people's entertainment well my
simulation sucks I don't understand you
are not real jokes how is that possible
did I forget to update your IQs what
don't you understand if this is a
simulation does that mean we can do
anything well yes and no are there
consequences to our actions again yes
and no but not really nobody say
anything fun

boys I accidentally opened a portal to
the Multiverse hi guys I'm Barbie well
hello there Barbie hello
you just want to come visit
wow so you really do live in a Barbie
world huh of course Obama do you have
oil in this world you slow down Obama
not yet how do you like my world so far
everything is pink I don't know how I
feel about this it's kind of gay not
gonna lie you'll relax Donnie don't be
saying stuff like that do you boys want
to see my castle yes Mommy this is
pretty cool actually here's some Barbie
ice cream for you all I want to live
here forever this is the best thing to
ever happen I'm officially a Barbie girl

boys let's make a home-cooked meal today
I like that idea what are we going to
cook I'm not sure what I'm craving let's
all go separately to the supermarket and
buy different stuff and we will make
something with that that sounds like a
great plan let's go two hours later yo
boys what did you bring with you I
brought flour eggs milk pasta Tomatoes
rice and watermelon nice I brought
cucumbers carrots zucchini asparagus
okra leaks eggplants and a peach all
right very interesting choice there
Biden very sussy to say the least what
did you bring Donnie I've never shopped
at a supermarket before so I had no idea
what anything was but I believe I had
the best pick and what was it I bought
Big Macs McChickens MC wraps french
fries chicken nuggets a whole cow and
four chickens bro what the hell are we
going to cook with that you're crazy Don
don't worry I'll cook you the best meal
ever all right then you do the cooking
with what we got cuz I got no idea what
to make yeah me neither what am I
supposed to make a MC heart attack 1
hour later it's ready let's see what you
made I'm kind of nervous I made the
perfect
burger o

all right class today we're running half
a mile for PE I hate this class man I
just want to go to sleep come on guys we
got this I'm very excited I will give
you 30 minutes to prepare if you fail
you get permanently expelled from school
I'm looking at you three lazy boys I
can't do this crap man it's so hard for
me come on Don it's just half a mile
it's so easy for you maybe not for me
I'm 796 lb how are you feeling Joe o
hello yes I got this this is light work
I'm just taking a power nap man I swear
if you guys fail and get expelled and
I'm forced to hang out with the weird K
I'm never going to forgive you I'm a
lemon he's a freaking lemon Donald stop
eating McDonald's are you serious righ
now relax bro I'm eating to have extra
energy for the run you already have
enough fat to replace the sun you don't
need any more freaking calories and Joe
wake your hibernating coma having
Snorlax looking ass up I'm ready let's
go all right time to run go I said go I
can't physically move my weight I'm so
fast that while you blinked your eyes I
ran the half mile and came back

your time machine worked we're in
ancient Greece but why did you bring me
here I just wanted to spend some time
away from Joe wait is that Joe Jo oh do
we know each other my apologies but I
don't seem to remember you oh yeah Joe
has not actually met us yet I am sorry
to interrupt King Joe Biden but I need
your genius IQ to help me conquer the
rest of the world damn it Alexander can
you not do anything by yourself I've
practically led the entire Army by
myself and you're taking all the credit
for it I am sorry sir I have guests
right now get lost yes sir so remind me
guys where do I know you from we uh we
used to play Minecraft together what
Minecraft what my friend here meant to
say was that we used to discuss deep
philosophical questions together here in
Greece can you remind me what your role
here is I'm the king of Greece and the
smartest person to ever exist how did
you not know that we were from another
country did you bring me food it's
tradition to bring food when you come to
Greece or else you get executed uh sorry
King Joe but we didn't know that guards
execute them Trump just give him the Big
Max you brought I have something even
better what is this it's ice cream I
better like it or else you're dead this
is the best thing I've ever eaten I
declare you both as kings

just pick one already say the n-word
inside a KFC full of black people of
course or tell trumpy you spent all $4
billion from his credit card because you
got scammed buying ice cream online oh
come on Jimmy please give me some other
choice I'm going to get killed no matter
what I choose no other choice for you
this is what you get for ruining my $50
million YouTube set but it was an
accident what's up boys what's up losers
Joe was about to say the NW inside of
KFC y you said you will stop saying that
word Ella's gotten into you again I got
no choice bro I'm sorry say it Joe it'll
be so fun if you don't want to say that
word you can just tell Donnie the truth
huh what freaking truth Joe what are you
hiding from me nothing don't tell me the
truth right now all right let's go to
the KFC and I'll think about it there
Joe if you say that word I'm giving
everyone in the KFC a bomb and we're all
bombing your house Joe if you don't tell
me the truth right now I will nuke your
freaking house and turn your dog into a
McChicken oh my God this is so difficult
make the choice Joe you sleepy freaking
orangutan you better T oh shut up Trump
you orange freaking N I spent all your
billions on ice cream

remember the video where I said whatever
the top comment on it says I will do
yeah well I think it's time I finally do
what it says and what did the top
comment say Well it's worse than I
expected crap do you have to Nuke a
country or something I wish bro it's
even worse worse than that is it saying
the NW nope Donald had actually
commented on his own video from his fake
account that he must say the nword but
thankfully I caught him and deleted the
comment at 100,000 likes damn Donnie you
really did that fake news so what is it
the top comment was be nice to Joe for a
whole day oh my goodness this is great I
love this I love this too I am so
excited why don't you give Joe some
compliments for a start yippe Joe you
are actually very funny I love having
you as a friend wow thank you Donnie I
love having you as my friend as well
this is so nice you also have some very
beautiful blue eyes oh my God Donnie you
are making me flush this is so beautiful
do you want to play GTA together you are
so good at it oh my God will you finally
let me play with you this is the bes
day ever this might be the best thing to
ever happen I would hate for this day to
be over

Obama would you allow me to say the
n-word if I gave every black person on
Earth one million dollars you would pay
that much money just to say the n-word
that's like one million dollars times
100 billion black people bro yeah man of
course I would my friend you were a
professional racist no bro it's not that
it just sounds so cool you know I gotta
agree with Donnie it sounds pretty dope
yes but you are not allowed to say it
even if I gave every black person one
million dollars that's crazy bro you're
not allowed to be racist no matter how
much money you pay I bet most black
people are pretty pissed right now not
gonna lie no man they definitely agree
with me they would 100 give up the
opportunity of all that money for you
not to say that word yeah I doubt it
buddy they're probably crying right now
Joe are you siding with Donnie you just
denied every black person one million
dollars you are the racist here let' go
Joe talk I am the freaking racist Donnie
is the one willing to pay to say a
racist word not me and you are the one
denying him yes because that's racis
all right Joe enough he's not gonna
change no it is not enough I will fight
for the rights of the black people of
our nation yo what are you doing I'll
add an extra one million dollars per
person code 206 over I'm gonna say the N
word fuck

am I the only person that didn't know
the state of Texas declared war on New
York what when did that happen
apparently it's been some time now and I
didn't even know that but why are they
fighting Texas says the New York rats
will keep evolving and multiplying into
giant rats and take over our country if
they aren't stopped immediately but New
York keeps feeding the
McDonald's hello citizens of the us we
formally inform you that us the rat race
have taken over New York and officially
declare its independence are you guys
seeing this oh my goodness the giant
rats are going to take over our great
country what are we going to do nuke
them Joe no no no no don't freaking nuke
them you're going to Nuke the state of
New York are you crazy well what other
choice do we have Joe send in the
military hold on give me a second uh
guys all of our military weapons have
been eaten by rats and don't work
anymore we are proud to declare
California Florida and Utah as part of
the United rat nations of America I
think it's over boys it was nice serving
this country wait let me make some phone
calls the war is over what how did you
do that I told the rats there is more
cheese in Mexico yay

you're done yet I wrote a poem for you
want to hear it oh that's so beautiful
Joe oh Joey I'm flattered let's hear it
I am a dog and you are a flower I lift
my leg up and give you a shower well
that was unexpected all right check mine
out I never saw a purple cow I never
hope to see one but I can tell you
anyhow I'd rather see than be one
Zoo don't worry I'll be there too
not in the cage but laughing at you good
stuff check mine out it's dedicated to
you Donnie grass is green trees are
Greener when I think of you I play with my wiener

all right boys today we have the most
important decision of Our Lives to make
I want everybody alert and focused this
is our biggest enemy we're about to make
a deal with don't forget he's also the
biggest criminal in the universe wait
what are we doing again I forgot all
right listen up here sleep Lord I will
give you 100 million bucks or the state
of Texas this is the best deal of my
life I'm literally salivating from my
mouth just thinking about it thinking
about this deal is making me so excited
I want to bomb every planet in our solar
system thinking about this deal is
making me want to sniff all right Joe
chill out here turn it down a notch I'm
sorry stop chatting and make this quick
I don't have all day who are you losers
wait how do we know you're not going to
scam us are you calling me a liar I'm
just saying don't you disrespect me like
that ever again young man did he just
call Joe a young man yeah Gangsta Bob is
as old as the universe all right fine
100 million v-bucks for the State of
Texas here's your signed document of
purchase and now give us the V bucks
get scammed losers thanks for Texas
Sandy Cheeks has finally gonna love me
now you stupid scammer you will pay for
this Kamala is going to kill me

Bo guess what I did nothing that will
land you back in jail again hopefully I
followed my passion and dreams and I
opened a McDonald's store good job
Donnie I also need your guys help for it
wow Donnie good for you what do you need
our help for I want you guys to work
with me sure and because I love you guys
so much both of you will also work your
dream jobs Joe will work the ice cream
machine and Obama will bomb strike
anyone that leaves a bad review hly
crap this is the best deal ever I'm glad
you guys love my idea let's get to work
the next day our first customer is
approaching be ready hello can I have a
Big Mac meal and one Mac flurry please
absolutely here's your Big Mac meal and
go to the next window for your McFlurry
than you sir hello I'm here for my Mac
flurry excuse me
sir sir sir wake up you're
working this is absolutely insane I am
definitely leaving a bad review on this
place stupid ice cream guy was sleeping
on the
job

in front of you there is a deck of cards
every single one of the cards has a
unique superpower what type of
superpowers it depends it could be a
curse or a blessing from being invisible
all the time to randomly teleporting to
the past or the future to being able to
spawn literally anything that you want
using just your thoughts wait so I can
spawn a pet dragon and ride it yes if I
get that card can I spawn in a magic
potion that gives me any superpower I
want also yes but if you pick a card
with a curse you might become invisible
forever I'm risking it I don't care me
too it's a win-win either I become God
or I become forever invisible and can
sneak into the girl's bathroom all right
everyone pick a card before Joe gets us
canceled I choose this I'll take this
one I've made my choice you will feel
the changes the next morning holy crap
Jimmy I can fly I just robbed seven
Banks lucky Donnie flight is so nice
what did you guys get Jimmy I can talk
to animals I made so many new friends
I'm loving this thank you wow this is
very wholesome lucky you Jimmy I didn't
notice any changes that's weird show me
your card oh that's because it was a
curse uh but you did not get affected by
it what was the curse becoming black

boys I joined the biggest competition on
the planet damn what does the winner get
the winner wins Australia in a 700 ft
statue of themselves in Las Vegas holy
crap how do I join you can't joi
anymore but I need your help to win this
what must you do to win I must get 100
million followers in 10 days that'
impossible bro how are you going to do
this I have absolutely no idea this is
so difficult this is so easy boys what
do you mean how am I going to do this
all you have to do is get 100 millio
people to follow you just run through
Africa with a bottle of water

since it is Thanksgiving what are you
guys thankful for all jokes aside I am
thankful for having the best friends
ever I don't know what i' do withou you
guys a that's so sweet of you Joey
honestly speaking I'm also very thankful
that I have both of you in my life
despite all the differences we run into
of course trumpy we're always here for
you no matter what and thank you for
putting up with me in all my crazy
moments sometimes I get carried away but
I always mean good don't worry about it
trumpy we love you I'm thankful for all
the moments we have built together and
all the fun times we have had like that
one time we accidentally nuked all of
America oh that was so fun and remember
that one time I forgot Obama's black
ninja nickname and you thought I was
going to say something else that was so
funny and crazy yeah I got pretty mad
but turns out you actually had found me
a good nickname ooh and that one time we
went to Mars that was freaking awesome
indeed I hope we experience many more
memories together me too now let's eat I
love you guys

welcome back boys what would you rather
today mystery box number one or number
two come on what's inside though it's a
mystery box Joe the whole point is you
don't know what's inside well how am I
going to choose then oh my God if Jimmy
give me mystery box number one are you
sure yes Jimmy I have a feeling this is
the best choice congrats you just won
seven Lamborghinis holy crap I picked
the correct box you want to see what you
missed out on sure box number two had 89
fighter drones and $78 trillion wow that
sucks all right Jimmy I feel like this
is a trick and that the next best
mystery box will be number one I choose
one congrats you just won $188 trillion
in seven skyscrapers in New York City
wow I was correct what did I miss out on
seven supercars or something minor lik
that you could have won the Great Wall
of China in seven n-word passes oh man
that sucks boys which one should I pick
choose number two since it has been the
best box so far yeah I agree but I want
to pick number one that's the wrong
choice Joe pick number two all right I
choose box number two congrats you just
won the state of Alaska wow surely I
picked the correct one what did I miss
out on you could have won one ice cream
cone this was the worst Choice ever

today we're playing split or steal how
do we play two of you $1 million and the
decision to split or steal the money
well obviously I'm going to steal it not
so fast if you both choose to steal
nobody gets the money if one of you
chooses steal and the other chooses
split the person who stole gets the
money if you both choose to split you
both split the money oh God all right
Jimmy let's play this round will be
Trump versus Joe just like the elections
this should be fun this is going to be
chaos all right boys split or steal all
right Joe how about we both choose split
and we go home with 500k each listen man
I might be stupid but I'm not dumb I
promise I will choose to split I don't
believe you how can I prove it to you
swear on your kids life that you will
choose split my kids are more important
than some money so you should trust me
if I swear on their lives swear on their
life then I swear I will choose split
I'm not lying I wouldn't let my kids die
for some money I'm a billionaire I'm
still not sure if you're telling the
truth Joe I literally swore on my kid's
life and you still think I'm lying yes
five more seconds boys all right fine we
will split the money so nervous Reveal
Your
Cards elb bozo

all right smash Mary killed Tupac
Donald's wife Spider-Man this is wild AF
but going to be interesting what the
hell has my wife doing in this list Joe
shut up and answer it I'm not doing this
I am Mary Tupac smash the absolute
living out of Donald's wife and kill
Spider-Man damn Obama chose to marry a
man even in this game keep my wife's
name out your mouth nice one Joe he
deserves it your turn Donald fine kill
Tupac because he reminds me of Obam
marry my beautiful wife and smash Spider
Guy the black community will not forgive
you for killing Tupac the black
community can kiss my ass all right
let's not get canceled here it's my turn
I'd smash Tupac because he remind me of
Obama's wife what I'd marry Donald's
beautiful wife it's on site Joe you're
dead and I'd kill Spider Guy all three
of you can go

boys you should come over I'm having a
sleepover tonight I'm excited I'll bring
the candles candles what for to make the
atmosphere nice all right a bit weird
but okay anyways I'll bring some
Snickers and KFC I'll also bring flowers
and chocolate why the hell would you
bring me flowers to the sleepover who
doesn't like flowers everybody likes
flowers but it's just a bit weird to
bring them to a boy's only sleepover we
know you don't mean it this way but it's
a bit romantic I don't think it's weird
anyways oh can you bring the PlayStation
6 yes of course great idea what else is
there I will bring my special shampoo so
we can make a bubble bath and sit in it
while we play PlayStation 6 together all
right Joe what the hell is wrong with
you today this is getting a bit too
weird what's the issue it's just a
bubble bath with the homies it's a bit
freaking weird to sit in a bubble bath
naked with my two best friends don't you
think no man that means our friendship
is strong that's a bit sus bro you're my
best friends I don't see you in that way
are you freaking crazy I guess you're
right we're probably overthinking it
yeah our bad Joe we tend to overthink
stuff sometimes all good anyways are we
forgetting something no that's all I'll
bring the condom

what is the most messed up thing that
you guys did back in school oh man I
have the craziest School Stories fu
fact actually I got expelled 27 times
not gonna lie I was also pretty wild in
my school days no one is wilder than me
one time I filled the bathroom sinks
with water and released 12 goldfish in
there that is such a Joe thing to do
that's nothing bro one time I brought a
bald eagle in my backpack to school and
released it in class everyone freaked
out two girls had a heart attack and the
eagle snapped the eye of the teacher off
damn bro there's something wrong with
you nah for real that's beyond just a
prank I remember we had this math
teacher we used to drive crazy and one
day we made her quit her job because we
came to class all riled up after gym
class and we threw a school desk out the
fourth floor what what if it hit someone
talk about that what do you mean statue
of limitations I can't talk about this
the desk fell on someone's head I plead
the fifth Obama your turn have I told
you about the time I had a fight with
this Chinese kid it's the craziest story
ever you have not told us what happened
I got in a fight with this Chinese dude
so I drone strike the spoon

if you had to pick one item from these
categories to eat for the rest of your
life what would it be Big Mac from
McDonald's or Whopper from Burger King
I'm going to have to pick the Big Mac
doesn't surprise me I love the Whopper
but it feels so greasy and I feel so
dirty every time I eat it Domino's Pizza
or Pizza Hut oh definitely Domino's
Pizza they have the best cheesy crust
ever and also way better Pizza yeah but
you got to admit the Pizza Hut chicken
wings SLA they're amazing tell or peanut
butter easily peanut butter there's
something wrong with you Joe Nutella is
so much better I love both but I prefer
Nutella yeah but imagine a peanut butter
baby cheesecake or chocolate cake for
the rest of my life I'll have to choose
chocolate cake cheesecake is good but
only for one or two slices no more than
that give me some chocolate cake and I'm
going to n n n pasta or rice oh
definitely some Italian pasta it's the
best yeah I agree with you on this one
bro pasta is so bad compared to the rice
that I make I put ketchup and mayonnaise
on top and it's so freaking good what
the

boys what's one word that would piss the
most amount of people off that's a good
question I have no idea to be honest I
haven't thought about that before Donnie
what do you think
Donnie looks like he's about to explode
for some reason yeah true anyways if I
had to guess that word would be vegan or
something yeah I really can't think of
any other word that could cause mor
chaos Donnie what do you think
bro are you good you look like you're
holding in something and your head is
about to pop off maybe he accidentally
took my pills again I know what the word
might be it's the name of that Austrian
painter good guess I think that might be
the most offensive word you could say I
think we found it I'm not even going to
say the word it's so offensive Donni
what do you think what's wrong with him
he hasn't the freaking word is Nick

boys what's the difference between a
cucumber and Obama what there are many
differences for example one eats chicken
and the other one gets eaten by chickens
Joe what the hell not you two what it's
not racist it's the truth M well I guess
you're right what else is different one
is a green cucumber the other one is a
black too far Joe try again one is a
nice green color meanwhile the other one
is black all right Joe you better stop
listing differences relax bro we don't
mean any bad intent we're not saying
anything offensive we're stating facts
yes but you're saying it in a racis
tone no we're not we're saving that for
the end don't tell me another difference
what H let me think one cannot move the
other one runs faster than the speed of
light Joseph Biden you better watch your
mouth Obama you better chill your teeths
bro he's not insulting you that's a
freaking compliment he's calling you
athletic Joe are you saying this in a
racist way or are you complimenting me
of course I'm complimenting you I'd
never say anything racist I'm not like
Donnie all right Joe hit us up with one
last difference between Obama and a
cucumber sure thing trumpy one is
vegetation that spawns in a field the
other one picks up vegetation in a field

what's the difference between Obama and
a pink cat yes Joe this is what I'm
talking about this is the Joe I miss say
that racist joke say it you better not
freaking say anything bad you sleepy
freaking potato huh what racist joke the
one you were about to say I wasn't going
to say a racist joke what joke were you
talking about Trump uh nothing nothin
no no no you're not getting away with
this I was going to say uh Obama and
pink cats are both cute do you think I'm
stupid that's not a difference those are
similarities oh really what does
difference mean it's the first ime I
hear that word you want me to believe
you've never heard the word different
before nope never not even once Joe can
you explain to this bozo what a freaking
difference means yeah so trumpy a
difference is for example a pink cat is
pink and fluffy but Obama is black and
scary I'm black and scary yes you're
literally a nick

Joe if hypothetically you've been dating
a girl for 5 years and it turns out she
got a pee pee what would you do oh man
this is hard hell yeah it would be hard
cuz I would have just hit the jackpot oh
what the hell think about it bro two in
one she looks like a girl and she got a
pee PE what more could you ask for oh
man you're deranged Joe are you gay no
man that's not gay that's having good
taste I regret asking that stupid
question

what is faster a snail going around the
earth once or for a cheetah to do it
100,000 times that's easy bro of course
the cheetah will be faster no way man
the snail is way faster 100,000 laps
around the earth is way too much due
have you seen a freaking snail walk I
know they're slow but you're out of your
mind if you think a cheetah is winning
that race it's winning easily I say all
right I'm betting a kidney on this deal
me too okay let's ask Siri yo Siri 
know you were already listening to us
who's winning in that race first of all
no I was not listening to you I have n
idea what you're talking about secondly
I got no clue nobody has tried racing a
cheetah with a snail before we can't let
this go unol I can help you by giving
you the top speed of these animals for
the cheetah it's 75 mph and for a snail
at 0.03 mph okay who can do the maths
don't worry I got a time machine and I
know a guy who can help us there's no
way Joe has a time machine right no man
lets be what's up boys my name is Albert
Einstein holy crap Chad is this real Jo
told me about your question the cheetah
would take 33 million hours meanwhile
the snail 834 th000 hours give me your
kidneys right now

Y what is that noise that's my cat she's
in the other room I think is she giving
birth or something why is she making
that noise oh man she's probably hungry
or
something you should probably check on
her maybe there's something wrong I
would go and check man but I'm not going
to lie bro I've forgotten how to walk
since like 3 hours ago what I'm stuck to
my chair I forgot how to move my legs
bro just move it like lift it up or
something hold up I'm
trying I got it nice go check on her and
tell me if she's okay I'm worried wait
can I take you with me the lights are
off and I'm scared of the dark sure yeah
open up your webcam so I see what you're
seeing okay let's
go wait where is my room it's the one
that the noise is coming from literally
the one in front of you oh
yeah did you almost freaking fall
no this is not what you think it is what
the hell are you doing to Joe's
cat

abiding truth or dare I ain't no I
choose dare I dare you to say the n-word
damn bro seriously yes go ahead I'm
waiting fine Nick hi guys what are you
up to oh nothing much Joe was just about
to say something what is it um say it
Joe since you're so brave I was about to
say about to say what say it I was about
to say um say it mister I ain't no
what's wrong what were you about to say
it was the he was about to say a new
word that he just learned wow Joe you
are expanding your vocabulary I'm so
proud good job to you haha yeah thanks
what was the word that you learned it
was the nerd the what we didn't hear you
Joe I was about to say nice questions
are you having a stroke the word was
miracasted you we can't understand you
Joe say it louder the word I was about
to say was what he was about to
say

boys if I was an animal which one would
I be in your opinion honestly I think
you'd be a cool cute little dinosaur
don't lie to him you'd be a sleepy lazy
sloth or a 300 year old Turtle why are
you like this he asked a simple
interesting question yeah you're always
so mean I apologize right now all right
Joe I'm sorry I just wanted for your
turn to be over so you compare me next
good Donnie I think you'd be Garfield
the cat you're both fat and orange still
behave I take my apology back you are
literal fossil fuel Joe enough all right
I'm sorry I just wanted to get back at
you good Donnie if you were an animal
you'd be a giraffe thanks I guess what
about me what animal would I be you know
what today is the day I stopped with
this racism stuff I'm not going to say
the obvious joke here I'm better than
that if you were an animal my friend you
would be a beautiful monkey

boys I have a big confession to make
we're all ears Donnie I'm very
embarrassed about what I've done in the
past you can tell us anything we won't
judge you promise me you won't get mad
at me we promise all right so you know I
have billions of dollars and I can
pretty much do anything right are you
about to flex on us no no I promise I
have to get this off my chest go on well
after a while of being able to do and
buy everything you get a bit bored just
get to the point already you know my
favorite game was Club Penguin right I
used to play that game every day I loved
it so much I loved it as well I got
really sad when it got shut down that
was the worst day of my life by far I
cried for six months straight when it
got shut down well I was jealous that
the game was available for anyone to
play and I wanted to be the only one who
can play it oh no and what did you do I
bought the game for 10 billion dollars
and shut it down for everyone except me
Donnie are you home right now yes why I
want to come over and talk about it I
think Obama just ordered a drone strike
you have about three seconds left what
do you mean I have three seconds

Joe Bro I think I accidentally took some
of your pills today well at least one of
us took them how are you feeling Donnie
I'm having some very weird thoughts this
is exactly what happens when I take them
thoughts like what it doesn't matter
anyways Joe if you were gay would you do
the sexy with me or with Obama good
question am I the one doing the sexy or
is the sexy being done to me what is
this ridiculous question and Joe what is
that even more ridiculous answer relax
sexy boys Joe you are the one doing the
deed what did you just call me Obama is
more hot but Donnie has the Heavies you
know what I'm saying he got the milkies
you guys are out of your minds so what
do you pick Joey I choose a three

hello who is this I'm inside your house
okay
hello why did you just hang up on me
like that if you're inside my house just
come talk to me I'm in the closet oh
you're gay that's cool with me bro I
don't discriminate no I'm not gay I'm in
no no it's fine my friend Obama is
married to a man no I'm not gay I'm
literally in your closet wait really who
is this come find out where are you are
you stupid I just told you I'm in your
closet

Joe please save me give me the
presidential pardon I'm begging you I'll
give it to you only if you admit I'm
better looking than you that's all he
must say to get pardoned bro literally
nuke six countries that's the easiest
choice ever forget about it sleepy Joe
it's not happening what lock me up throw
me in with the Tigers I don't care
you're supposed to be the smart
businessman this is the stupidest Choice
ever I agree with Joe just admit he's
better looking and you're free to go
home in your dreams I said lock me up
all right then it's your choice I hope
your pet snail gets unalived all righ
listen up here you crusty croissant
Donnie done messed up talk about Mr
snaily like that again and I'm gonna put
a big carrot in Europe and I will make
you

all right Trump since you're getting the
electric chair tomorrow you can choose
your last meal damn I can choose
anything anything you want to eat I'd
like a handgun 50 bullets and the keys
for my cell door to eat for dinner
please no what it has to be something
you eat all right toss in a Twinkie
technically he can eat all those things
yo what are you doing here I'm the judge
or the warden or whatever I don't know I
forgot we can't give him a gun and keys
bro all right technically it has to be
something you can eat all right then I'd
like to eat your wife's Gucci excuse me
oh did you fart no you're not eating my
wife's no bro that's not food I mean
technically no bro no choose a food all
right then I'll take your newborn baby
you just had 6 months ago what how do
you know that no man you can't eat mying
baby a guy actually did that last week a
prisoner ate another guy's baby no yours
they ate my baby dude what which one
they ate Meg uh okay you don't care nah
man she was always crying and she was
annoying as but you can't eat my other
baby bro that's not food technically it
is food technically you can eat my bro o
yeah yes I'll take that

all right Joe it's time for some of your
mama jokes bring it it's over for you
fat orange begin your mama's so fat when
she slid into my DMs my phone ran out of
space yo mama's so fat not even her
ghost could float wow your mama's so
skinny she hula hoops with the Cheerio
boom your mama's so fat Thanos had to
clap his hands to make her disappear oh
my God your mama's so dumb she returned
to Donut because it had a hole in it how
your mama's so fat when she got on the
scale it said I need your weight not
your phone number Joe what rigged

all right Joe it's time for some of your
mama jokes bring it it's over for you
fat orange begin your mama's so fat when
she slid into my DMs my phone ran out of
space yo mama's so fat not even her
ghost could float wow your mama's so
skinny she hula hoops with the Cheerio
boom your mama's so fat Thanos had to
clap his hands to make her disappear oh
my God your mama's so dumb she returned
to Donut because it had a hole in it how
your mama's so fat when she got on the
scale it said I need your weight not
your phone number Joe what rigged

yo abominator what's up why don't you
join us for this round of your mama
jokes that wouldn't be fair why that
would be fun bro I would smoke you my
jokes are straight heat relax buddy no
way they're better than mine I'd make
both of you go home crying if I played
all right then how about we do your mama
jokes battle me and Donald versus you
I'd still win a two versus one there's
only one way to find out
she tried to climb Mountain Dew go
Donald your mama's so bald you can see
what's on her mind damn don't worry D I
got you your mama's so fat even Dora
can't Explore her eat him alive Joey yo
mama's like a squirrel she can store a
ton of nuts in her mouth damn all right
yo mama's teeth so yellow when she
drinks water it turns into lemonade
let's go Big D what did you call me your
mama's teeth are so yellow when she
smiles she puts the Sun out of business
all right I quit don't worry Donald I
got this your mama's so stupid she got
locked in a mattress store and she slept
on the floor your mom was like a
Christmas tree everyone puts their balls
on her all right time for me to go to
sleep get destroyed you stupid

boys would you say the n-word to save a
black person's life I would never that's
racist obviously I would say it and save
somebody's life but that's racist bro
Joe you demented pumpkin seed how is
that freaking racist are you kidding me
because you are saying the n-word so you
would let a black person die don't put
words in my mouth Trump I never said
that I don't think Joe understands this
question can you be more clear please
Obama let's say the Joker is pointing a
gun to a black person's head and he says
he will spare his life only if you say
the N word would you say it ooh now I
understand no I would still not say the
n word you must be kidding me so you are
letting the black person die I never
said that Joe you're giving me a
headache what part of this scenario do
you not understand oh I understand
everything so you're racist no I'm not
Joe that's literally zip your mouth you
stupid

Joe would you say the n-word if it meant
every starving kid in Africa would get
to eat no bro of course not I'm not
racist what the hell are you serious
wait I forgot I would say the n-word and
then what every starving kid in Africa
would get food oh well this changes
everything and what do you choose I
would not say the n-word I can't believe
you would let all those innocent kids
starve to death survival of the fittest
bro I'm not getting canceled just to
save a couple million innocent lives
it's not worth it Joe letting all these
people die is going to get you more
canceled than saying that word Obama
please stop encouraging Joe to say the
n-word that's super racist of you thanks
for backing me up Donnie I'm the
freaking racist now are you guys out of
your minds of course you're the racist
wait Obama don't tell me that you would
say the n-word just to save a couple
million innocent lives of course I would
say it and I'm black what are you
talking about wow I did not know that I
was friends with a racist person what
the hell is wrong with you guys today
nothing wrong with us we're just not
racist like you being black is not an
excuse for saying the n-word it's still
offensive for uh for uh for Turtles
exactly it's offensive for Turtles the
turtles

today we're playing would you rather
I'll go first would you rather bring
back slavery or start world war three
damn bro is this really how you want to
start this yes I choose bring back
slavery I choose world war three me too
this one's gonna be easy feed starvin
kids in Africa or get a pet goldfish
goldfish is made out of gold so I'll
have to choose goldfish goldfish are
super cute so I'm gonna have to choose
that as well I choose to feed the kids
are you guys insane okay would yo
rather have a clown constantly chasing
you or have six thousand pigeons
constantly chasing you I'll choose the
clown for sure me I prefer the pigeons
they're all so cute I choose the clown
because I'ma eat his ass sorry about
that I took Joe's bills by accident
again would you rather solve racism or
be Spider-Man not gonna lie I'm old as a
dinosaur some Spidey senses would be
really helpful seriously Joe I expected
more from you I choose to solve racism
obviously I'd be Spider-Man I don't even
have to say this all right see
everything is black and white or see
everything as a blur see everything is
black and white so I can call everyone a
Nick Trump I already see everything as a
blur so I choose a blur black and white
for me all right have unlimited V bucks
or save an unknown child v-bucks v-bucks
three bucks

hello everyone I'm your host Jonathan
bitty and today we're playing would you
press the button Joe are you okay what
has happened the rules are simple I
provide you with two options and you
press the button only if you want these
options to become true all right this
sounds interesting actually let's play
would you press the button to have an
unlimited amount of food but world
hunger gets two times worse absolutely
freaking not that's insane let's
freaking go infinite Big Max baby no way
you pressed that you're a billionaire I
don't care it's free food stop yapping
you idiots round two would you press the
button for one hundred thousand dollars
but the other player gets thrown into an
active volcano no man to be honest I
really need the money right now but you
are such a great friend Donnie there is
no way I'm pressing that button
100K baby let's go

Donald would you break up with your wife
to meet an alien absolutely of course he
says yes bro we get divorced if you gave
him the opportunity to win two dollars
no way Joe I love my wife and I'm not
just saying that to disagree with you
but an alien is just too cool what about
four dollars would you get a divorce no
amount of money can buy my love for my
wife we're always lying how about for
one hundred thousand dollars no how
about for 100 million dollars no all
right Donald final offer would you get a
divorce first give me the two freaking
dollars I'll divorce my wife right now
Mr Krabs looking ass

udani yes sleepy koala how does it feel
to be the orange race yeah that's a good
question actually how is it like huh
what the hell are you two square two
schools talking about like for example
me in high school I would get picked on
for being black and me I never got
stopped by cops what was it like for you
like did anyone mistake you for an
orange and try to peel your skin and eat
you what of course of course you guys
okay bro it's okay relax we don't want
to make fun of you yeah we're just
trying to understand what it's like to
be the orange race I'm not even that
orange you guys are exaggerating so much
pull up an orange let's compare all
right we don't have to do all that here
you go looks pretty orange to me bro
wait put it up to your actual skin
bro is more orange than an orange nah
that's actually crazy all right all
right enough do you have like a word for
orange people like the n-word but for
orange folks bro you're pushing it now
okay relax

Donald would you kill a member of your
family for $10 billion yes damn that was
a bit too fast don't you think that's
messed up bro are you freaking kidding
me do you even realize how much money is
$10 billion I guess that is a lot of
money you could literally solve world
hunger with that much money so you would
sacrifice one member of your family to
save starving kids around the world
that's so nice no I would not are you
crazy I said you could solve world
hunger I didn't say that I would do it
damn that's messed up then so what would
you do with the money I would build a
skyscraper out of big Max so you woud
sacrifice a member of your family for a
skyscraper out of Big Max yes

I challenge you Joseph your mama jokes
battle you're about to lose again Donald
Duck round two fight your mama's so old
she knew Burger King when he was still a
prince boom baby yo mama's so fat when
she goes camping the bears hide their
food holy your mama's so dumb it takes
her an hour to cook One Minute Rice your
mama's so stupid she got hit by a parked
car how the mama's so fat she brought a
spoon to the Super Bowl at halftime Your
Mama jokes yo mama's so short you can
see her feet on her driver's license hot
damn your mama's so poor the Ducks throw
bread at her quack quack baby yo mama's
so fat she stepped on a scale and it
said show the timeline

would you rather be a twitch streamer or
a YouTuber for the rest of your life oh
twitch streamer obviously neither that's
so nerdy if you take this special USB
and plug it into a PC you will be able
to hack into twitch or YouTube to give
yourself millions of viewers but that
won't work because people will think we
are botting views no the USB uses a
special algorithm that puts you all over
trending pages so that it's not obvious
but you can only use it for either
twitch or YouTube that's just cheating
let's go I can finally become a streamer
that's epic but what's the catch the
catch is that once you use the USB you
can't take back your decision so if I
use it for twitch I can never be a
YouTuber yes and once you use it you
will be forced to stream or make videos
for 8 hours every day for 7 years what
happens if we miss a day the USB will
stop working forever I'll take it screw
that I'll get famous on my own without
cheating like a loser good luck
streaming to your mom I bet I can get
more clout than you without the stupid
USB all right bet oh my God guys thank
you so much for 2 million Subs what the
chat make sure to go spam Ellen robama
and cheeky Joe streams guys stop
spamming L I don't like it wait chat Mr
Beast is calling me hey Donnie I have a
question for you

would you rather have this stealth
hoodie or these x-ray sunglasses both
options are good but what do those
sunglasses do these glasses have an
x-ray mode that allows you to see
through pretty much anything awesome I
can use them to look through walls they
also have a night vision mode as well as
being fully customizable so you can
change the glasses to look however you
like nice I could turn them into drippy
designer glasses that can see through
the girls bathroom yes but there's a
catch damn it what is it these glasses
are super fragile meaning if you drop
them or even grab them too hard they
will break forever okay well what does
the hoodie do this hoodie has a stealth
mode that can turn you invisible and
mute any sound that you make cool I
could spy on all the children that's way
more overpowered than x-ray vision shut
up a llama those glasses are drippy as
so if I'm wearing that hoodie I can turn
completely invisible and scream as loud
as I want without ever being noticed yes
but there's a catch of course there is
the hoodie stealth mode only works on
your body so your other clothes won't
turn invisible are you saying we have to
be naked to use it even better yes and
you also can't wash the hoodie or you
will destroy its ability so after a
while it will get super gross I'll take
the hoodie I'll take X-ray glasses over
the stinky hoodie good choices but first
answer this question with

boys I did it this is my best invention
ever oh God what is it this time Trump I
am a freaking genius boys a genius damn
I think Trump made world peace or
something listen to this right so if
smoothies are healthy but Big Macs are
not I made a machine that would turn Big
Mac into a smoothie so now Big Macs are
healthy you put your freaking Big Mac in
a blender you freaking weirdo I've done
this 999 times today I'm about to drink
my 1,000th smoothie I'm going to become
the healthiest person on the planet bro
I think you're going to have a freaking
heart attack at your 1,000th one no way
Jose I'm making it right now Trump just
because you Blended a Big Mac and made a
disgusting smoothie doesn't make it
healthy it's still a Big Mac no you
idiot I don't blend the Big Mac I
separate its ingredients and blend it
all together what why because a Big
Mac's individual ingredients are healthy
for you for example lettuce tomatoes so
I'm basically making a healthy vegetable
and meat smoothie Joe I think Trump
needs some of your pills bro I think so
too I don't need anything watch this my
1,000
smoothie

are you taking the red pill or the blue
pill boys I'll take the red pill he
hasn't even explained what they do red
pill is always the best the red pill
makes you need to [ __ ] five times a day
bro what the [ __ ] wow good one Donald
but the good part is that you [ __ ]
diamonds wait really so you'll literally
become a diamond chicken bro I told you
it's the best option what about the blue
pill the blue pill gives you superhuman
strength nice that's overpowered how
strong are we talking here you'll
literally be able to lift buildings with
ease dude that would basically make you
God you could do anything you could
probably take over the world I already
[ __ ] seven times a day so taking the red
pill is literally just a win wow okay
here you go Joey yeah I'll take the red
pill too boys I have an offer for you is
it if you guys take the red pill I'll
take the blue pill and get superum
strength then you guys can pay me some
of your diamonds as protection sure I'll
do that shut up you nerd did you really
think I was going to take that deal if
you want diamonds you got to take the
red pill cuz I ain't giving you [ __ ]
yeah he literally won't give you [ __ ]
hey what the [ __ ] man what are you doing
you should have taken the deal little
Donnie boy stop I have an offer for you

boys I did it this is my best invention
ever oh God what is it this time Trump I
am a freaking genius boys a genius damn
I think Trump made world peace or
something listen to this right so if
smoothies are healthy but Big Macs are
not I made a machine that would turn Big
Mac into a smoothie so now Big Macs are
healthy you put your freaking Big Mac in
a blender you freaking weirdo I've done
this 999 times today I'm about to drink
my 1,000th smoothie I'm going to become
the healthiest person on the planet bro
I think you're going to have a freaking
heart attack at your 1,000th one no way
Jose I'm making it right now Trump just
because you Blended a Big Mac and made a
disgusting smoothie doesn't make it
healthy it's still a Big Mac no you
idiot I don't blend the Big Mac I
separate its ingredients and blend it
all together what why because a Big
Mac's individual ingredients are healthy
for you for example lettuce tomatoes so
I'm basically making a healthy vegetable
and meat smoothie Joe I think Trump
needs some of your pills bro I think so
too I don't need anything watch this my
1,000
smoothie

Yo Joe would you rather have infinite
ice cream or infinite sleep oh that's
easy infinite uh infinite ice I mean so
that was actually a good one Don I don't
think he will ever choose well how about
this Donald would you rather double all
of your money or lose all of it for an
n-word pass dang that's a hard decision
what the absolute freck Donald you
really would lose all of your money to
say the n-word then let me ask you a
question would you rather uninstall
fortnite forever or install OverWatch
that you can't delete it how is this
supposed to be hard of course download
OverWatch there has to be a catch for it
to be actually hard well if you download
OverWatch you'll have to play it for 4
hours every single day heck no fortnite
can go 4 hours of OverWatch is too much
it's not a bad game Obama have you
played a single game of OverWatch in
your long long life Joey um exactly
that's what I thought now would you
rather be able to communicate with
anyone no matter how far they are
without speaking I don't even need to
hear the other one yeah nothing can top
this or would you rather have the
ability to make things move using your
mind o i kind of regret saying that it's
still not too late I'm choosing the
ability to make things move yeah me too

all right class after reviewing
everyone's singing Joe's is by far the
best let's go that means you'll be doing
a solo in front of the whole
school wow bro that really sucks yeah I
know bro Joe it's not that big of a deal
all you have to do is stay calm and
pretend like everyone is naked Obama
that's a bit sus bro yeah man I'm not
doing that okay but you need to stay
cool and everything will be good oh my
gosh I can't believe you're doing a solo
only a nerd would be doing that shut up
Jack no one likes you yeah bro you're
the most annoying kid in school that is
so not true I'm telling the teacher on
you are you being for real yes and I'm
going to make sure you fail your solo
the next day okay school this is my star
singer
Joe he better not mess this up yeah bro
that would be embarrassing all right
everyone Let Me Clear My Voice
you I'll
princess hey what happened to the music
Jack cutting the mic wire is absolutely
unacceptable Jack you need to go to
detention immediately let's go

guys where are we going me and Obama
have a surprise trip for you Joe yeah I
promise you won't regret it oh yeah baby
I think we're going to buy GTA 6 sleepy
Joe that isn't even out yet oh dang uh
maybe we're going to KFC I wish that's
actually my favorite place Joe I'll give
you a hint it's something you absolutely
love who kindergarten bro that is very
sus Joe chill out man I don't know what
else I like come on Joe you talk about
this every day every second of your life
I think I forgot to take my pills today
this is hard all right Joe the word
starts with an i and ends with an M yeah
there's no way he doesn't get this right
oh my God we're going to an
island not only does that word end with
a d but I've never heard you talk about
Islands Joe I don't get why you guys
made this so hard bro we literally gave
you the answer at this point yeah if you
can't get it now that's on you oh wait a
minute it's ice cream ding ding here we
are at your favorite ice cream shop in
America let's go I love Baskin Robins
are you forgetting something Joe wait
what oh yeah thanks guys you're welcome

boys I just did a DNA test and you won't
believe the results wow Trump That's so
exciting you found out about your
Origins what did it say it said I'm 99%
orange and 1% black you know what that
means right Obama no no no no yo what's
up my name stop right there Trump we're
not homies like that you cannot use that
word but I'm black no you're not yes I
am it says on the paper I wish I was
black here Joe take this and do a DNA
test as well boys holy crap no you won't
believe this please tell me that we're
all black I'm 2% black Obama now you are
my my favorite and stop it right now
what's wrong my name stop it I said I
will nuke you you know what I think is
wrong Obama is not actually black that's
why he's getting offended how am I not
freaking black use your eyes Joe I think
you're correct Obama might not be black
are you guys stupid why don't you take a
DNA test then give me that crap here
read it out loud I don't even have to
see it what does it say I'm 100%

yo guys do you know what today is uh I
think it's Tuesday come on Joe that was
3 days ago today is Friday oh yeah my
bad no guys today is a very special day
today might even be one of the most
important dates in the history of this
country bro what are you talking about
oh I know what you're talking about
Trump really yeah bro today there's a
10% off discount at the ice cream shop
bro today has nothing to do with ice
cream all right Donald what is so
special about today then wow guys you're
really going to make me say it yeah bro
just tell us today is my
birthday well I guess it's a good thing
we knew all along get pranked bro wait
really yeah bro our gift is that we
bought you your very own McDonald's it's
open 24/7 and even has delivery straight
to your door I can finally eat
McDonald's while playing on the
Minecraft server thanks so much guys
yeah bro we got you we' never forget our
best friend's birthday all right who's
down for some McDonald's let's go

$5 million or Mystery Gift Mystery Gift
yeah give me the mystery gift Jimmy I'll
take the money Donnie and Obama you boys
just won these time controlling Rolexes
yes let's go what do the watches do they
look awesome these Rolexes can freeze
time whenever you press it that's so
cool is there a catch nope no catch
awesome 5 million or this Mystery Gift
obviously Mystery Gift I'm not taking
any chances give me the money give me
the mystery gift Jimmy Joe and Donald
you just won these special pills cool
but what do they do when you take the
pill you will be given the ability to
run faster than the speed of sound oh my
God that's sick give me the pill God
damn I should have picked the gift wait
there's side effects God what are the
side effects the pill makes you go bald
for life good thing you guys are already
balding anyway I can't believe this yeah
this sucks here's your money AMA thanks
last one boys 10 million or Mystery Gift
10 million is crazy give me the money
yeah I'll take the money mystery gift I
feel good about this one congrats Obama
you just won this matching private jet
and Bugatti Duo pack oh my god let's go
I love you Mr Beast what the hell man
that's so unfair yeah screw this today's
your lucky day boys I have one more for
you let's go what is it yeah what is

would you rather have this shrink ray or
this talking dog oh such a cute little
doggy shut up sleepy Joe I hate dogs
what does the shrink ray do you can
shrink or enlarge anything you shoot
with this gun where the hell do you get
this stuff don't get too excited boys
there's a catch what's the catch when
you use the shrink ray there's a 1%
chance that whatever you shoot will
literally explode it's also extremely
rare and illegal so if you're caught
using it you could be taken to Area 51
okay what does that talking dog do this
dog can speak but it can also Fetch and
find things for you I have the best nose
in the world there's nothing I can't
fetch holy crap that's Jimmy give me the
dog what about the catch the catch is
that the dog will literally never leave
your side he will need to be within 50 m
of you at all times or else he will die
damn no way it has a distance limit can
I have the dog I'll take the dog I need
a trusted sidekick screw dogs bro
they're vicious give me the shrink ray
oh my God boys what did you do Obama the
idiot accidentally shot Joe's dog and
turned him into Dogzilla thanks to you
Alama I going to take over the entire
world quick shoot me with the ray gun so
I can become massive and kill it good
thinking Donni
