would you rather be a twitch streamer or
a YouTuber for the rest of your life oh
twitch streamer obviously neither that's
so nerdy if you take this special USB
and plug it into a PC you will be able
to hack into twitch or YouTube to give
yourself millions of viewers but that
won't work because people will think we
are botting views no the USB uses a
special algorithm that puts you all over
trending pages so that it's not obvious
but you can only use it for either
twitch or YouTube that's just cheating
let's go I can finally become a streamer
that's epic but what's the catch the
catch is that once you use the USB you
can't take back your decision so if I
use it for twitch I can never be a
YouTuber yes and once you use it you
will be forced to stream or make videos
for 8 hours every day for 7 years what
happens if we miss a day the USB will
stop working forever I'll take it screw
that I'll get famous on my own without
cheating like a loser good luck
streaming to your mom I bet I can get
more clout than you without the stupid
USB all right bet oh my God guys thank
you so much for 2 million Subs what the
chat make sure to go spam Ellen robama
and cheeky Joe streams guys stop
spamming L I don't like it wait chat Mr
Beast is calling me hey Donnie I have a
question for you

would you rather have this stealth
hoodie or these x-ray sunglasses both
options are good but what do those
sunglasses do these glasses have an
x-ray mode that allows you to see
through pretty much anything awesome I
can use them to look through walls they
also have a night vision mode as well as
being fully customizable so you can
change the glasses to look however you
like nice I could turn them into drippy
designer glasses that can see through
the girls bathroom yes but there's a
catch damn it what is it these glasses
are super fragile meaning if you drop
them or even grab them too hard they
will break forever okay well what does
the hoodie do this hoodie has a stealth
mode that can turn you invisible and
mute any sound that you make cool I
could spy on all the children that's way
more overpowered than x-ray vision shut
up a llama those glasses are drippy as
so if I'm wearing that hoodie I can turn
completely invisible and scream as loud
as I want without ever being noticed yes
but there's a catch of course there is
the hoodie stealth mode only works on
your body so your other clothes won't
turn invisible are you saying we have to
be naked to use it even better yes and
you also can't wash the hoodie or you
will destroy its ability so after a
while it will get super gross I'll take
the hoodie I'll take X-ray glasses over
the stinky hoodie good choices but first
answer this question with

boys I did it this is my best invention
ever oh God what is it this time Trump I
am a freaking genius boys a genius damn
I think Trump made world peace or
something listen to this right so if
smoothies are healthy but Big Macs are
not I made a machine that would turn Big
Mac into a smoothie so now Big Macs are
healthy you put your freaking Big Mac in
a blender you freaking weirdo I've done
this 999 times today I'm about to drink
my 1,000th smoothie I'm going to become
the healthiest person on the planet bro
I think you're going to have a freaking
heart attack at your 1,000th one no way
Jose I'm making it right now Trump just
because you Blended a Big Mac and made a
disgusting smoothie doesn't make it
healthy it's still a Big Mac no you
idiot I don't blend the Big Mac I
separate its ingredients and blend it
all together what why because a Big
Mac's individual ingredients are healthy
for you for example lettuce tomatoes so
I'm basically making a healthy vegetable
and meat smoothie Joe I think Trump
needs some of your pills bro I think so
too I don't need anything watch this my
1,000
smoothie

are you taking the red pill or the blue
pill boys I'll take the red pill he
hasn't even explained what they do red
pill is always the best the red pill
makes you need to [ __ ] five times a day
bro what the [ __ ] wow good one Donald
but the good part is that you [ __ ]
diamonds wait really so you'll literally
become a diamond chicken bro I told you
it's the best option what about the blue
pill the blue pill gives you superhuman
strength nice that's overpowered how
strong are we talking here you'll
literally be able to lift buildings with
ease dude that would basically make you
God you could do anything you could
probably take over the world I already
[ __ ] seven times a day so taking the red
pill is literally just a win wow okay
here you go Joey yeah I'll take the red
pill too boys I have an offer for you is
it if you guys take the red pill I'll
take the blue pill and get superum
strength then you guys can pay me some
of your diamonds as protection sure I'll
do that shut up you nerd did you really
think I was going to take that deal if
you want diamonds you got to take the
red pill cuz I ain't giving you [ __ ]
yeah he literally won't give you [ __ ]
hey what the [ __ ] man what are you doing
you should have taken the deal little
Donnie boy stop I have an offer for you

boys I did it this is my best invention
ever oh God what is it this time Trump I
am a freaking genius boys a genius damn
I think Trump made world peace or
something listen to this right so if
smoothies are healthy but Big Macs are
not I made a machine that would turn Big
Mac into a smoothie so now Big Macs are
healthy you put your freaking Big Mac in
a blender you freaking weirdo I've done
this 999 times today I'm about to drink
my 1,000th smoothie I'm going to become
the healthiest person on the planet bro
I think you're going to have a freaking
heart attack at your 1,000th one no way
Jose I'm making it right now Trump just
because you Blended a Big Mac and made a
disgusting smoothie doesn't make it
healthy it's still a Big Mac no you
idiot I don't blend the Big Mac I
separate its ingredients and blend it
all together what why because a Big
Mac's individual ingredients are healthy
for you for example lettuce tomatoes so
I'm basically making a healthy vegetable
and meat smoothie Joe I think Trump
needs some of your pills bro I think so
too I don't need anything watch this my
1,000
smoothie

Yo Joe would you rather have infinite
ice cream or infinite sleep oh that's
easy infinite uh infinite ice I mean so
that was actually a good one Don I don't
think he will ever choose well how about
this Donald would you rather double all
of your money or lose all of it for an
n-word pass dang that's a hard decision
what the absolute freck Donald you
really would lose all of your money to
say the n-word then let me ask you a
question would you rather uninstall
fortnite forever or install OverWatch
that you can't delete it how is this
supposed to be hard of course download
OverWatch there has to be a catch for it
to be actually hard well if you download
OverWatch you'll have to play it for 4
hours every single day heck no fortnite
can go 4 hours of OverWatch is too much
it's not a bad game Obama have you
played a single game of OverWatch in
your long long life Joey um exactly
that's what I thought now would you
rather be able to communicate with
anyone no matter how far they are
without speaking I don't even need to
hear the other one yeah nothing can top
this or would you rather have the
ability to make things move using your
mind o i kind of regret saying that it's
still not too late I'm choosing the
ability to make things move yeah me too

all right class after reviewing
everyone's singing Joe's is by far the
best let's go that means you'll be doing
a solo in front of the whole
school wow bro that really sucks yeah I
know bro Joe it's not that big of a deal
all you have to do is stay calm and
pretend like everyone is naked Obama
that's a bit sus bro yeah man I'm not
doing that okay but you need to stay
cool and everything will be good oh my
gosh I can't believe you're doing a solo
only a nerd would be doing that shut up
Jack no one likes you yeah bro you're
the most annoying kid in school that is
so not true I'm telling the teacher on
you are you being for real yes and I'm
going to make sure you fail your solo
the next day okay school this is my star
singer
Joe he better not mess this up yeah bro
that would be embarrassing all right
everyone Let Me Clear My Voice
you I'll
princess hey what happened to the music
Jack cutting the mic wire is absolutely
unacceptable Jack you need to go to
detention immediately let's go

guys where are we going me and Obama
have a surprise trip for you Joe yeah I
promise you won't regret it oh yeah baby
I think we're going to buy GTA 6 sleepy
Joe that isn't even out yet oh dang uh
maybe we're going to KFC I wish that's
actually my favorite place Joe I'll give
you a hint it's something you absolutely
love who kindergarten bro that is very
sus Joe chill out man I don't know what
else I like come on Joe you talk about
this every day every second of your life
I think I forgot to take my pills today
this is hard all right Joe the word
starts with an i and ends with an M yeah
there's no way he doesn't get this right
oh my God we're going to an
island not only does that word end with
a d but I've never heard you talk about
Islands Joe I don't get why you guys
made this so hard bro we literally gave
you the answer at this point yeah if you
can't get it now that's on you oh wait a
minute it's ice cream ding ding here we
are at your favorite ice cream shop in
America let's go I love Baskin Robins
are you forgetting something Joe wait
what oh yeah thanks guys you're welcome

boys I just did a DNA test and you won't
believe the results wow Trump That's so
exciting you found out about your
Origins what did it say it said I'm 99%
orange and 1% black you know what that
means right Obama no no no no yo what's
up my name stop right there Trump we're
not homies like that you cannot use that
word but I'm black no you're not yes I
am it says on the paper I wish I was
black here Joe take this and do a DNA
test as well boys holy crap no you won't
believe this please tell me that we're
all black I'm 2% black Obama now you are
my my favorite and stop it right now
what's wrong my name stop it I said I
will nuke you you know what I think is
wrong Obama is not actually black that's
why he's getting offended how am I not
freaking black use your eyes Joe I think
you're correct Obama might not be black
are you guys stupid why don't you take a
DNA test then give me that crap here
read it out loud I don't even have to
see it what does it say I'm 100%

yo guys do you know what today is uh I
think it's Tuesday come on Joe that was
3 days ago today is Friday oh yeah my
bad no guys today is a very special day
today might even be one of the most
important dates in the history of this
country bro what are you talking about
oh I know what you're talking about
Trump really yeah bro today there's a
10% off discount at the ice cream shop
bro today has nothing to do with ice
cream all right Donald what is so
special about today then wow guys you're
really going to make me say it yeah bro
just tell us today is my
birthday well I guess it's a good thing
we knew all along get pranked bro wait
really yeah bro our gift is that we
bought you your very own McDonald's it's
open 24/7 and even has delivery straight
to your door I can finally eat
McDonald's while playing on the
Minecraft server thanks so much guys
yeah bro we got you we' never forget our
best friend's birthday all right who's
down for some McDonald's let's go

$5 million or Mystery Gift Mystery Gift
yeah give me the mystery gift Jimmy I'll
take the money Donnie and Obama you boys
just won these time controlling Rolexes
yes let's go what do the watches do they
look awesome these Rolexes can freeze
time whenever you press it that's so
cool is there a catch nope no catch
awesome 5 million or this Mystery Gift
obviously Mystery Gift I'm not taking
any chances give me the money give me
the mystery gift Jimmy Joe and Donald
you just won these special pills cool
but what do they do when you take the
pill you will be given the ability to
run faster than the speed of sound oh my
God that's sick give me the pill God
damn I should have picked the gift wait
there's side effects God what are the
side effects the pill makes you go bald
for life good thing you guys are already
balding anyway I can't believe this yeah
this sucks here's your money AMA thanks
last one boys 10 million or Mystery Gift
10 million is crazy give me the money
yeah I'll take the money mystery gift I
feel good about this one congrats Obama
you just won this matching private jet
and Bugatti Duo pack oh my god let's go
I love you Mr Beast what the hell man
that's so unfair yeah screw this today's
your lucky day boys I have one more for
you let's go what is it yeah what is

would you rather have this shrink ray or
this talking dog oh such a cute little
doggy shut up sleepy Joe I hate dogs
what does the shrink ray do you can
shrink or enlarge anything you shoot
with this gun where the hell do you get
this stuff don't get too excited boys
there's a catch what's the catch when
you use the shrink ray there's a 1%
chance that whatever you shoot will
literally explode it's also extremely
rare and illegal so if you're caught
using it you could be taken to Area 51
okay what does that talking dog do this
dog can speak but it can also Fetch and
find things for you I have the best nose
in the world there's nothing I can't
fetch holy crap that's Jimmy give me the
dog what about the catch the catch is
that the dog will literally never leave
your side he will need to be within 50 m
of you at all times or else he will die
damn no way it has a distance limit can
I have the dog I'll take the dog I need
a trusted sidekick screw dogs bro
they're vicious give me the shrink ray
oh my God boys what did you do Obama the
idiot accidentally shot Joe's dog and
turned him into Dogzilla thanks to you
Alama I going to take over the entire
world quick shoot me with the ray gun so
I can become massive and kill it good
thinking Donni
